incivo is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults aged 1865 and older . it is used in combination with the medicines peginterferon alfa and ribavirin and telaprevir , which are medicines called ns3 - 4a protease inhibitors . they work by interfering with the development of new virus strains of the virus . this medicine will not work on its own . if you have ever had or might now take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . there is no information on the use of this medicine in humans . the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking the action of a protein called ' interferon '. this protein is found in large amounts in body fluids such as blood , saliva , genitals and 
do not take incivo : - if you are allergic to telaprevir , peginterferon alfa - 2b or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility there is a lack of information available on the use of peg interferon as a medicine and ribavirin . please read the package leaflets of these medicines before you start taking them , as they may increase the risk of side effects . see section 4 , " possible side effects ". 56 - alfuzosin , used to treat an enlarged prostate , in combination with alpha - 1 - adrenal antagonists ( such as amiodarone , bepridil , quinidine 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). children aged 3 months to less than 6 years who weigh at least 6 kg and who are able to swallow tablets whole , take incivo at least 2 hours before or 8 hours after food . for hepatitis c virus infection and human immunodeficiency virus infection , the recommended dosage is efavirenz 3 mg once daily for 3 days per week ( i . e ., one 8 mg tablet per day ). your doctor may adjust your dose based on your body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on your response to the treatment . taking this medicine swallow the tablet ( s 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a rash or itchy skin rash . the rash may progress to a severe rash with other symptoms , such as a slight rash on the skin or a whole - body rash ( see section 2 ). if this rash becomes severe , talk to your doctor straight away . a skin reaction might happen after you have been using incivo for several days or months . your doctor will decide whether to stop treatment with inciva or decide to continue to use it . in case of a sudden rash you may be given other medicines . these may include : - a general feeling of being very unwell ( mild to moderate ) - an overall rash which may be severe - fever - tiredness - swelling of
what incivo contains - the active substance is telaprevir . each film - coated tablet of tablet contains 375 mg ( 8 . 5 mg ) telaupravir ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose acetate succinate , calcium hydrogen phosphate ( anhydrous ), silicified microcrystalline cellulose , silica colloidal anhydrously , sodium lauryl sulphate , croscarmellose sodium , and sodium stearyl fumarate . film coating : polyvinyl alcohol , macrogol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), talc , indigo carmine aluminium lake , iron oxide red ( only 20 mg tablets per strip ) and carnauba wax and shellac . what
zinbryta contains the active substance daclizumab beta , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . the target of zinbirta is rioctocog alfa , produced in a bacteria called escherichia coli . this is found in the blood of some patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis ( ms ), a disease that causes inflammation of the nerves in the central nervous system , especially in the brain and spinal cord . - this results in the loss of myelin ( a substance occurring naturally in the muscles ) and resulting in attacks ( relapses ) of nerves causing difficulty with walking , vision and balance . these symptoms often disappear after 
do not take zinbryta if you : - are allergic to daclizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - have had a severe allergic reaction to another anti - inflammatory medicine ( e . g ., ribavirin or elbasvir ) or any other severe liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have a history of autoimmune disorders you take herbal supplements you take supplements your doctor has told you to stop taking . you have liver side effects whilst you are taking your medicine . your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop your treatment if needed . some people have had depression in the past you have an infection , such as pneumonia you have tuberculosis ( tb ) and /
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much zinbryta you should take . how much to use the recommended dose in adults is 150 mg once a week . this dose may be increased or decreased depending on results of a blood test carried out before treatment to check how well your liver is working . the usual dose in children is 0 . 5 mg ( half a milligram ) twice a month . if your doctor decides to change the dose , your doctor may lower your dose to 1 . 4 mg ( one half ) if necessary . you will be given a test to see how well you respond to treatment . depending on the results of your blood test your doctor might prescribe a lower dose . it is very important to follow your doctor ' 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . liver problems very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea ( feeling sick ) vomiting ( being sick ), stomach pain , tiredness , loss of appetite ( anorexia ) changes in the colour of your skin or the whites of your eyes 41 uncommon ( may effect up to 1 in 100 people ), inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) in adults , children and adolescents side effects from clinical studies in adults included the following frequencies : common :
what zinbryta contains - the active substance is daclizumab beta . each vial contains 150 mg daclizub beta in 1 ml of solution . after reconstitution , 1 . 5 mL of solution provides 150 mg / 0 . 25 mbq at a concentration of 1 , 000 iu ( international units ) ( corresponding to 74 . 3 mg ). - after dilution : the other ingredients are : sodium succinate , succinic acid , sodium chloride , polysorbate 80 , water for injections . see section 2 ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine , including sodium '. what you need to know before you use zinbirta ? the name of the pack is a powder and solvent for solution for injection . the white powder
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines known as metabolism products . it is used to treat patients suffering from a rare , but life - threatening , defect in copper excretion in the liver , eyes , and brain . this defect leads to liver damage and neurological disorders affecting the intestine and other parts of the body . the active substance in this medicine is human recombinant coagulation factor xa , a protein normally found in the body which is necessary for cells to grow .
do not use wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zinc or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using the medicine if : - you have a weakened immune system ( e . g ., w - 135 ) or if your child is allergic to any zinc or to any other zinc in the blood . the safety and efficacy of the medicine in pregnant women is not known . please inform your doctor of any other medicines you are using , for example , any other anti - copper agent called penicillamine . you should not be able to take the tablets , since they may interfere with the interpretation of the results . this medicine contains iron and your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly for the presence of
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 25 mg / kg taken as two 50 mg capsules taken once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase this to a maximum dose of 50 mg for 2 weeks . take wilzin at about the same time each day . do not take more than 25 mg in one day and take 1 capsule in the morning . you can take the capsules with or without food . how much to take adults , adolescents and children weighing at least 25 kg the usual dose is 50 mg ( 1 capsule ) taken twice daily . for children and adolescents weighing 1 to 16 kg , the usual starting dose is 0 . 5 mg . this is given as a single dose to children who weigh at least 16 kg and who have a body weight of
like all medicines , wilzin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common in children children and adolescents 10 years of age and older uncommon ( affectes 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) non - insulin dependent growth factor receptor 2 . 5 % ( infra ) 1 . 25 mg / ml children and teenagers 10 years or more common in adults and adolescents is 1 - 10 times more often than in adults . this is because it is not known how many people are affected . your doctor will decide if this is the case . gastric irritation caused by changes in blood tests blood tests (
what wilzin contains - the active substance is zinc . - each 25 mg film - coated tablet contains zinc ( as zinc acetate dihydrate ) and 50 mg zinc ( equivalent to 12 . 5 mg zinc ).  the other ingredients are :  tablet core : lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , talc , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), brilliant blue fcf and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( also called ' 25 mg '). - printing ink : shellac and imprint : gelatin , black ink ( s ) ( containing zinc and / or a white / yellow / black / white sachet ). what whiilzin looks like and contents of the pack the hard capsules are blue , round and marked with '
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine known as an integrase strand transfer inhibitor ( irti ) and emtricitabine . it is used in adults to treat a rare but serious type of non - viral infection called a nucleoside reverse transcriptaser ( nrtis ) ( tenofovir alafenamide ). it is also used in combination with another antireviral medication called , a Nucleotide reverse transcriptor , which is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . the virus , along with other medicines , plays an important role in reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection and a risk of physical harm
do not take biktarvy : - if you are allergic to bictegravir , emtricitabine or tenofovir alafenamide or rifampicin , which are medicines used to treat some bacterial infections , such as tuberculosis . this medicine is also used as a medicine for treatment of patients with tb . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). this herbal remedy is used for depression and anxiety . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have liver problems . you have a history of liver disease , including hepatitis , since your liver disease has not been studied in this age group . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if this happens to you . talk to
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take biktarvy with or without food . antacids may reduce the absorption of this medicine and may help prevent stomach ulcers , heartburn and acid reflux caused by the acid in the digestive tract . alternatively , you may take aluminium , magnesium hydroxide , mineral supplements and vitamins such as magnesium , iron , and potassium in the blood . see section 2 under ' possible side effects ' for more information about magnesium and iron . children and adolescents who are on dialysis : this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablets whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablets as it may affect the way the tablets work . the tablets should be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately - if you notice signs of inflammation or infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of opportunistic infections ( infections that occur in people with a weak immune system ), signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after hiv treatment is started . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . autoimmune disorders , when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue , may also occur after you start taking medicines for hiv infections . these symptoms may occur many months after the start of treatment . many of these infections may be serious . the most common side effects are : very common
what biktarvy contains - the active substances are emtricitabine , tenofovir alafenamide and bictegravir sodium . each film - coated tablet contains 50 mg of emptricité , one tablet contains 2 . 5 mg of the active substance , and one tablet is a total of 20 . 4 mg of each ten ofovir aluminium / bictategravir ( equivalent to 200 mg / 10 ml of adrenocorticotrophic factor ). each film coating contains : - tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ( i )), croscarmellose sodium and magnesium stearate . - film coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide , macrogol ( 8000 ), talc ( 6000 
novonorm is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinide . it works by blocking a protein in the pancreas called insulin . this protein helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreatic does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . your body may need a different insulin dose if this medicine is not working as well as it should . you should continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in addition , novoorm can be given alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes , e . g . exercise and weight reduction , taken together with a reduced calorie intake . metformin , another medicine used to control diabetes . novon
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to repaglinide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes . your doctor will monitor your acid level in your blood ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). you have a severe liver disease . you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) 47 you have liver problems other than from your liver disease tell your doctor about any other liver disease you have kidney problems or you are about to have major surgery or you have recently had any surgery or are taking any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . these medicines may increase the risk of having a reaction to any medicine you take . if any of these apply to you , tell
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is 0 . 5 mg before each main meal . swallow the tablets with a glass of water immediately before or up to 30 minutes before the main meal of the day . your doctor may increase your dose to 4 mg at the start of the meal to help you get the best results and lower your blood sugar . you should continue your diet throughout the day and always take novonorm with your meals . this will help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if a child swallows some tablets , you can split the tablets into four equal doses . do not take more tablets than the doctor has given you , or anyone else , if they have difficulties swallow
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia is a very common side effect , as it can affect more than 1 in 10 people ( see also section 2 , ' what you need to know before you take novonorm ' for a list of possible symptoms ). hypognocaemic reactions may be life - threatening , but rarely can be fatal . hyperglycemia may be very severe , especially if you do not take the correct dose of the medicine . if this happens , you must stop taking the medicine immediately and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately as you may need urgent medical attention . the most frequently ( very common ) reported side effects with this medicine are : common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people - severe allergic reactions , including hypogasmic awareness ,
what novonorm contains the active substance is repaglinide . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , maize starch , polacrilin potassium , povidone ( polyvidone ), glycerol 85 %, magnesium stearate , meglumine and poloxamer 188 . 0 % in a glass vial , iron oxide yellow . 1 g powder for concentrate for solution for infusion . 2 % w / v ethanol and iron oxide red . see section 2 for more information . what novoorm looks like and contents of the pack the powder is white to off - white , capsule - shaped with " gsi " debossed on one side and " nvr " on the
pumarix is a vaccine for use in adults from 18 years old . it is intended to be given before the next pandemic to prevent ( or prevent ) pandemmic flu ( influenza ). pandelic flu is an incredibly serious type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . the symptoms of pandémic flu are similar to those of an ordinary flu but may be more severe . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumariix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : formaldehyde , sodium deoxycholate . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . however , in a pandemic situation , it is important that you contact your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice as soon as possible . if your response to the vaccine is poor , you may not get the full benefit from the vaccine , provided that appropriate medical treatment is immediately available in case of a severe allergic reaction . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you receive pumariix if : 33 you have had any allergic reaction other than 
pumarix is for use in adults aged 18 years and over . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for children and adolescents ( 12 to less than 18 years of age ), your doctor will determine the appropriate dose for your child . if your child is below the age of 18 years , your doctor may recommend a dose of 0 . 5 ml based on body weight . you or your child may also be given a vaccine containing a similar strain ( h1n1v ) for a child aged 3 - 9 years and adolescent ( from 3 to 10 - 17 years ) at the same dose as for adults . pumarx is given as an injection into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if a second dose is administered there should be
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure . if this is not treated it may lead to shock . your doctor will discuss the possible side effects with you and explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people pain in the neck , feeling tired aching muscles , joint pain common ( affecting less than 1 per 10 people ) redness and swelling fever increased sweating shivering diarrhoea swelling of the face , lips , mouth , throat and / or throat flu - like illness chills , flu like illness , influenza , sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , chest pain , chills fever , high temperature ,
what pumarix contains active substance : split influenza virus , inactivated , containing antigen * equivalent to : a / vietnam / 5 / 2005 ( h5n1 ) like strain used ( pr8 - ibcdc / rg2 ) * produced in vero cells ** haemagglutinin - 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 21 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 60 , 90 , 100 , 112 , 150 , 200 , 300 , 400 , 500 , 1000 , 2000 , 5 , 000 cells per ml * propagated in fertilised hens ' eggs from healthy chicken flocks . adjuvants : the other ingredients are : sodium chlor
somakit toc is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains two active substances , edotreotide and gallium ( p177plu ) chloride . one gallium equivalent to 0 . 5 mmol / ml is used for the preparation of the sdna ( radioactive ) solution for injection , which is then given by infusion into a vein . this procedure involves placing a small amount of radioactivity into affected body areas , known as positron emission tomography ( petechian ) in a pet . these images are then used to obtain valuable information about the radiation that is needed to help your pet ' s doctor and the doctor can take .
do not use somakit toc : - if you are allergic to edotreotide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to any other medicine . you have kidney or liver problems ( renal or hepatic disease ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 18 years of age because there is no information available to show that this medicine is safe and works in this age group . other medicines and som akit tc tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or may stop your treatment temporarily or permanently . this medicine may cause dehydration ( see section 4 ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . do not take
somakit toc will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of medicines and radiopharmaceutical products . they will tell you when you need to be given the next dose . the usual dose is 29 mg , 100 mg or 200 mg megabecquerel . this dose is given as an intravenous injection ( a drip ) into a vein . a single injection should be given at least one hour before or one hour after the injection if you are pregnant . you should usually receive your injection at least 8 hours after the last dose of the nuclear medicine medicine . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an overdose ), your nuclear medicine doctor will decide how to treat you . there is no evidence to suggest that overdose was accidental . however , in the case of an accidental injection , you will receive the appropriate treatment .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). these can be recognised as warm flush or redness of the skin , swelling , itching , nausea or difficulty breathing . serious allergic reactions may be life - threatening . stinging at the injection site may be a sign of radiation affecting the blood , which may be associated with the formation of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . for more information , refer to the package leaflet of the particular medicine to be taken in combination with this medicine . in addition , the following side effects have been observed with somakit toc : reporting of side effects 23 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly
what somakit toc contains - the active substance is edotreotide . each pre - filled syringe contains 40 micrograms ( 0 . 5 ml ) of ereoTide after reconstitution with 10 phenanthroline , gentisic acid ( e330 ), mannitol , formic acid , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ), sodium , water for injections . this medicine does not require radiolabelling ( for hydrochloric acid )). this medicine is a clear , colourless solution for injection provided in a colourless glass vial with a rubber stopper and flip - off cap .
what afinitor is and how it works this medicine contains the active substance everolimus . it belongs to a group of medicines called cyclin - dependent kinase ( cdk ) inhibitors . what everolius is used for this medicine is used in adults for the treatment of certain types of tumours ( her2 - overexpressing ) in adults with a high risk of developing a type of cancer called granulocyte colony stimulating factor ( g - csf ), in adult patients with certain type of breast cancer ( postmenopausal women ) who are not able to take other medicines called non- steroidal amylase inhibitors ( nms ) such as exemestane ( another steroids ammonia ) as part of hormonal anticancer therapy . in neuroendocrine tumours ,
do not take afinitor if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking desirolimus . you should not take desiccant with oils , since the active substances in this medicine can pass into your bloodstream . in case of cancer , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of vositor or stop it altogether . other medicines and queitor there are other medicines that can affect the way that your liver works . please tell your physician if there is a problem with your liver . your doctor will check whether you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . don ' t take these medicines together with other medicines as they may affect the
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 10 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . do not take more than this recommended dose . tell your doctor about all your medical conditions , including any liver problems . if possible , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , which may need to be given as one 5 mg tablet . your doctor will tell you how many tablets of afinitor you should take . don ' t stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first , as your condition may get worse . see section 4 , possible side effects . take the tablets before you swallow the tablets , one after the other , and then take the next
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking afinitor and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps the following side effects have been reported with other medicines of the same class ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): chills sign of an infection such as fever , coughing , difficulty breathing , hiccups , diarrhoea , or vomiting . other side effects include : very common : may affect more than 1 in every 10 people chills increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood , which may be a sign of liver problems , such as triglycerides
what afinitor contains - the active substance is everolimus . each vial of desiccant containing 0 . 125 mg of everollimus is made of sterile , white to off - white granules from yew - tree needles . to make sure that you never eat any of the ingredients of this medicine , you must read the package leaflet of all medicinal products to be taken in combination with vositor . 1 . 5 mg film - coated tablets ( tablets ): one vial contains 5 mg of Everolimus ( as a tablet ). each desiccants ( 10 mg and 10 mg ) have a different colour and contain no other ingredients . the other ingredients are butylhydroxytoluene ( e321 ), magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate ,
the active substance of laventair ellipta is umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol , which belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what laventAIR is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the pulmonary syringe . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
do not use laventair ellipta 31 - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , don ' t use this medicine until you have checked with your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine : - your asthma is not controlled with the use of laventAIR ellippta . this medicine should not be used to treat asthma . - you have heart problems or high blood pressure . you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma , which may be caused by an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder , or medicines that suppress the immune system , such as epilepsy ; you are or have had a thyroid gland problem 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use laventair ellipta regularly it is very important that you use it every day to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . this will help to keep you free of symptoms all week and will also help you to remember to use it . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if your next dose is due in less than two weeks , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , which will usually be given to you in the clinic . how to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur when laventair ellipta is used for this medicine . if you notice any of the following symptoms , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash ( hives ) or redness rare side effects these may affect less than 1 in 1 , 000 people : swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ). - becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing , suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( collapse ). they usually pass on their own but if they do not , they are less likely to happen . they are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days of treatment . other side effects include : common side
what laventair ellipta contains - the active substances are umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . - each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 55 micrograms umeklidinium ( equivalent to 65 microgram ) and 22 microgram ( corresponding to 0 . 5 milligrams / microgram of vilantrol ) trifenatate , lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' l'), lactoses monohydrate ', and magnesium stearate ( e470b ). the other ingredient is lactosed starch , skimmed poly ( vinyl ) starch ( a pre - filled syringe with a green mouthpiece cover , and a dose counter . the active ingredients are present as 
tremfya is a medicine that contains the active substance guselkumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. these are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins . il - 23 is used to treat adults with moderate to severe psoriasis . plaque ppsoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory condition affecting the skin and nails . to improve the condition of the skin , it helps to reduce the appearance of nails , scaling , shedding ( flaking ), itching , pain and burning .
you must not be given tremfya : if you are allergic to guselkumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have an infection , including active tuberculosis , that has not been treated before . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose , suspend your treatment , or stop your treatment completely if this applies to you . you have ever had an infection or have been in close contact with someone who has or might now have a serious infection . if your doctor suspects you have tubercusis ( see section 4 ), tell your doctor or nurse straight away . it is important to keep a record of the batch number of the medicine you are using , in case you have any symptoms
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tremfya is available as a 100 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 4 weeks before , and 8 weeks after the last dose . your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should continue with this while you are receiving this medicine , even if the dose you receive is the same as for other medicines used to treat psoriasis . it is important to follow the instructions from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse regarding return visits for follow - up doses .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop taking tremfya and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if any of these side effects gets serious . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory infection ( bronchitis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach ( abdominal ) pain , constipation , indigestion , flatulence ( wind ) headache , dizziness ,
what tremfya contains the active substance is guselkumab . each single - dose pre - filled syringe contains 100 mg ( 100 mg ) gusedlkumbab in 1 ml solution . the other ingredients ( excipients ) are histidine , hetidine monohydrochloride monohydrate , polysorbate 80 , sucrose , water for injections . see section 2 for further information about the contents of the pack TREmfyera is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale brown solution in a single use disposable pen . it is available in packs containing 1 , 3 , 4 , or 5 pens . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
trepulmix contains the active substance treprostinil , which belongs to a group of medicines called antithromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( cteph ). in a clinical study , a patient was given treph to treat a condition called thrombostomy ( trp ), in which the blood pressure was too high . it can also occur in patients with too high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . symptoms can include shortness of breath , dizziness , tiredness and fainting , palpitations ( abnormal heartbeat ), dry cough , and dry cough in patients who have already taken other medicines .
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to treprostinil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have a pulmonary veno- occlusive disease ( a condition in which the blood vessels in the lungs become swollen ). this applies to you . this applies equally to you and your partner ' s heart and lungs . you have severe liver disease you have ever had a heart problem or heart attack ( myocardial infarction ). in the last six months , you are taking other medicines which can cause changes in heart rate or heart rate . these are signs of an irregular heartbeat . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if your doctor thinks you may be taking
trepulmix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as a drip ( continuous subcutaneous infusion ) under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the abdomen or thigh . the recommended doses of treprostinil are shown in the following table . in the event of an accidental overdose , the usual dose is 1 to 5 mg per kilogram of body weight ( corresponding to 10 mg / kg ). if you have liver or kidney disease ( cteph ), your doctor may adjust your dose . if undesirable effects or discomfort occur during or shortly after the administration of the medicine , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . do not attempt to stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you to . it is important that you do not experience any symptoms of overdose of TREpulmix . should you have any further questions on the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): widening of blood vessels , pain at infusion site , bleeding or bruising at the infusion place , headaches , nausea , diarrhoea , jaw pain . common infusion reactions : may affect up to 1 in10 people : dizziness , light - headedness or fainting . these may be signs of low blood pressure . they are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short period of time . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common : ( may effect more than one infusion event per day ) trepulmix may reduce the number of red blood cells , which can cause swelling or red blood
what trepulmix contains - the active substance is treprostinil . - one vial of powder for solution for infusion contains 1 mg of treparstINil ( as sodium salt ). - each 10 ml vial contains 10 mg of the trepstinningil ( als ), as the other ingredient in the powder , contains 2 . 5 mg trebrost inil ( in the solvent ) and 0 . 25 mg of sodium salt ( see section 2 , ' important information about some of the ingredients of TREpulmix ').  the solvent is a clear , colourless solution , supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and a plastic flip - off cap . each carton contains : 1 , 10 or 25 vials of powder with tre
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin sodium . it is a modified form of a protein called heparin ( lmwh ) which is similar to the naturally occurring human protein erythropoietin . yew - tree needles are used to dissolve blood clots in the body . by separating them from their fibrinogen ( a substance occurring naturally in the blood of healthy people ) it is used to prevent blood blots from forming and to reduce the risk of blood clumping . in patients with a high risk of having to have an operation or if they have a severe illness such as unstable angina ( heart attack ) or have had to stop treatment with blood or a reduced ability of the blood to form . this medicine is used in adult patients who are on dialysis
do not take thorinane : - if you are allergic to enoxaparin sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor as you may need additional treatment . in combination with other medicines for this condition : some patients taking heparin , nadroparin or tinzaparin and dalteparin when you are taking either of these medicines , since they may interfere with the interpretation of the data in this case . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking any medicine , particularly if : you
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much thorinane you need and how often you should use it . the usual dose is one injection 0 . 5 mg / kg body weight once a week . you can inject THorinanse yourself at any time of the day . however , you should not try to inject it yourself . how to prepare the medicine for injection you will find detailed instructions for injection at the end of this leaflet ( see section 7 , how to make sure you have the right medicine ). thORinana is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). you will be told how to give the injection . before you give yourself the injection you should have been trained how to do this before you have been taught how to inject th
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . thorinane affects blood clotting , so it may lead to bleeding which may potentially be life - threatening . in some cases the bleeding may not be obvious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of bleeding : weakness , tiredness ( paleness ), dizziness , headache or unexplained swelling . seek medical advice immediately from your doctor . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . these may be signs of an allergic reaction which may include difficulty breathing , swelling of the lips , mouth , throat or eyes and / or a blockage of a blood vessel . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea
what thorinane contains - the active substance is enoxaparin sodium . each vial contains 100 mg / 0 . 5 ml of ovulating human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg ) as measured on a protein basis . - after reconstitution , each millilitre of solution contains 2 , 000 mg octocog alfa ( corresponding to 3 . 3 mg ) of erythropoietin produced in yeast cells ( saccharomyces cerevisiae ). the other ingredient is ethanol , refined lyophilised maize starch , ethanol and water for injections . what THorinanse looks like and contents of the pack thORinana is a clear and colourless solution for injection in a pre -
senstend is a combination of two medicines , lidocaine and prilocaine . these belong to a group of medicines called local anaesthetics and are used together for the treatment of lifelong premature ejaculation in adult men . this medicine works by reducing the activity of the head of the penis .
do not use senstend : - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have an allergy or sensitivity to other medicines that cause sensitivity ( such as a genetic disease or a lack of red blood cells , glucose or phosphate deficiency , anaemia or methaemoglobinaemia ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose . you have other sensitivities . tell your doctor or nurse if any of these apply to you . sensitivity may be increased in some patients with severe liver problems . talk to the doctor if the use of senstentd in the following situations : face , ears , eyes ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 3 sprays ( 1 spray ) of senstend once a day on the head of the penis . after 3 days , the dose may be increased up to 24 hours ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). use in eyes , nose , mouth or ears 1 spray before use . 1 spray ( 0 . 5 ml ) is injected into the foreskin of your head on your penis at a distance of 1 cm . attaching to a coloured bandage to the corner of the head and penis it should not be more than 3 mm in length . it may take up to 5 weeks to find the dose you need . your doctor will advise you if and when you need to change the dose . 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to develop or maintain an erection reduced feeling in your penis feeling of burning in the penis uncommon ( might affect up to 1 in 100 people - headache ) irritation of the throat irritation of skin and redness of skin failure to ejaculate during sexual intercourse not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leukocytes ) that can cause sex alopecia ( a sexual desire that could cause an increase in sexual interest ) feeling depressed irritable , somnolence ( sleepiness ), drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the palms of your
what senstend contains - the active substances are lidocaine and prilocaine . - each ml of solution contains 150 mg lidocaine and 50 mg Prilocaine when reconstituted as recommended . each spray delivers 50 microlitres / 0 . 5 mL of solution , corresponding to a minimum of 20 doses . the other ingredients are : spray container : poly ( vinyl ) gas cylinders , 20 gauge , 5 mm  2 . 4 mm or 12 gauge . senstens is supplied in a pack size of 1 or 5 spray containers . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
opdivo is used to treat melanoma , a type of skin cancer , when resection or surgery is not possible . it is used when ' adjuvant therapy ' is not effective to treat non - small cell lung cancer ( renal cell carcinoma ) or kidney cancer ( classical hodgkin lymphoma ). it can only be prescribed to patients who have had an autologous stem - cell transplant . after the transplant has been given , the cancer has a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene responsible for making a protein called ' dna polymorphaemic kinase '. in this case , it can be given by means of slowing down or stopping the growth of the cancer in your head or other organs .
do not use opdivo if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). talk to your doctor if this applies to you . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor before starting treatment with this medicine if : you have a problem with your heart such as a change in the rhythm or rate of the heartbeat you have an abnormal heart rhythm you have problems with your lungs such as breathing difficulties or cough you have any symptoms of inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease ). you have diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ) you have or have had inflammation of your intestines , kidney or liver . you have severe kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of o
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of opdivo is one 240 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 2 weeks . this means you take a total of 480 mg per day ( that is to say essentially ' maintenance dose '). after 4 weeks , your doctor may decide to increase your dose to one ipilimumab dose depending on the severity of your skin cancer . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets you should take . if your doctor prescribes a different dose , you should divide the total daily dose into two 2 - hour periods ( days ), which will be divided into two equal doses . each day , take one . it is important that you do not change the daily dose unless your doctor tell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . be aware of important symptoms of inflammation . opdivo acts on your immune system and may cause inflammation in parts of your body . inflammation may cause serious damage to your body and some inflammatory conditions may lead to withdrawal of a medicine you are taking at the same time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects listed below after taking apDivo 94 these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and are most common in white blood cells . diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ), nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , nausea and vomiting . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days .
what opdivo contains - the active substance is nivolumab . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 10 mg ( 10 mg ) of nyvolum ab ( 40 mg in 4 vials ), 100 mg ( 20 mg in 10 vial ) or 240 mg ( 24 mg in 24 vial [ 480 mg ] in 24 h ]).  the other ingredients are sodium citrate dihydrate ( e331 ), sodium chloride ( see section 2 under ' sodium content '), and water for injections .  adsorbant : mannitol , pentetic acid ( for ph adjustment ), polysorbate 80 ( see end of section 2 for further information on sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid '). what apDivo looks like and
do not take clopidogrel tad 30 if you are allergic to clocidogrell or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain . you suffer from severe liver disease . if this applies to you , the risk of getting a minor bite in the mouth is negligible . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the tablets if : you have any medical conditions that increase your risk of bleeding , including : - an internal bleeding ( such as stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder or reaction to any medicine used to treat your bleeding . in addition , you may experience an allergic reaction , with or without nausea and vomiting , which may be accompanied by fever and bruising under the skin
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . you may already be receiving a new kidney , heart or other organ , but your body may still be able to accept the transplantation it was unable to control after your transplantation .
do not use tacforius : - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . - do not be given tacfordius prolonged - release capsules , unless your doctor has told you to stop . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . it is important that you inform your doctor or nurse if : you have ever had any condition which affects your immune system ( such as erythromycin , clarithromycin or josamycin ). you are currently taking any medicine which may affect the effects of tactricius ( see section " other medicines and tac forius "). you have previously taken , or might now take , any other medicines . you have been told that you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose depends on the type of transplant you have received . your doctor will tell you exactly the dose of tacrolimus medicine to take . this medicine should only be prescribed for you by a doctor with experience in the treatment of transplant patients . when to take tacforius take the medicine once a day , on the same day as your transplanted organ . it is important that you take the same dose as described above . if necessary , your doctor may reduce the dose based on your general condition , and on which other immunosuppressive medication you are taking . you will have blood tests at regular intervals to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . in general , blood tests will be performed regularly to monitor the condition of your immune system to make sure that
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tacforius reduces your body ' s defence mechanism ( immune system ), which will not be as good at fighting infections . therefore , you may be more prone to infections while you are being treated with tacfordius . severe effects may occur , including allergic and anaphylactic reactions . benign and malignant tumours , pure red cell aplasia ( a very severe reduction in red blood cell counts ), agranulocytosis and haemolytic anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells due to abnormal breakdown ) and febrile neutropenia ( infection with fever ). it is important to read the package leaflets for these medicines . if you get any of these , please tell your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than
what tacforius contains - the active substance is tacrolimus . each syringe contains 0 . 5 mg ( as monohydrate ). each tacforinius 1 mg sachet contains 1 mg tacrolulimus ( as Monohydrate ) - one ml of tacfordius 2 . 4 mg granules with 1 g tacrolivimus ( 4 . 0 mg ) monohydrate in 1 . 8 mg tac forius 3 mg subcutaneous injection , each consists of 3 mg tacrolienimus ( 6 . 9 mg ). the other ingredients are : hypromellose , ethylcellulose , lactose , magnesium stearate . the film - coating contains a clear , colourless to pale brown liquid , with no solid particles visible , and with
clopidogrel zentiva is a medicine that contains the active ingredient clomidogrell . it belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumped together , antiplatelets medicinal products reduce the chances of blood cluts forming ( a process known as thrombosis ). in clinical studies , platelets were found more often in adult patients than in adults , and in children . however , in patients with a history of thrombi , their blood vessels ( arteries ), resulting in atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ) which have occurred in at least one previous stroke .
do not take clopidogrel zentiva : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . -if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain . warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if : you have liver disease . your doctor may wish to monitor you more closely during your treatment . you should also tell your dentist if any of these apply to you before you start to take the tablets . taking other medicines please inform your doctor or pharmacist of any medicine you are taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . there is a possibility that you may be at increased risk of bleeding (
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if your chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ) is moderate to severe , your doctor may give you 300 mg of clumps of medicine to take or give ( 1 tablet of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is 1 , 500 mg once a day , for at least four days per week ( depending on the day of the week ). the usual dosage , which may be higher than
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which spreads rapidly or as a result of reddish target - like spots or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or throat . this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn .
what clopidogrel zentiva contains - the active substance is clocidogrell . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg or 7 . 5 mg of clumping together ( as hydrogen sulphate ). ( see section 2 ' important information about some of your ingredients '). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine contains hydrogenated castor oil in the tablet core as well as mannitol ( e421 ), hydrogenated Castor oil , microcrystalline cellulose , macrogol 6000 and low - substituted hydroxypropylcellulose in the film coating . the tablet also contains lactose monohydrate ( milk sugar ), hypromellose , triacetin , red iron oxide , and ammonia solution , which are sometimes added to keep
yttriga is a radioactive medicine used to treat radioactivity in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines to radioactively target tumour cells . the use of this medicine is not restricted to the experienced nuclear medicine doctor , who is specialised in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with radioactivity . his / her medical doctor has considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of radiation .
you must not be given yttriga : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine . this medicine is not a radioactive medicine , but a specific type of medicinal product ( radioactive medicinal products ) must be used during the administration of Yttroga . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 2 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . it should be used in children aged 2 years to 16 years in order to maintain a steady level of chloride in the blood . pregnancy and breast - feeding there is limited information on the use of this medicinal product in pregnant women . if your partner becomes pregnant during the treatment , your doctor will decide
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following side effects have been reported with yttriga : the frequency of reporting of side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . yttriga may be stored outside of the refrigerator at room temperature ( below 25 ) for a single period of up to four weeks before use . before administration , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for adherence to local regulations and the use of radioactive substances is considered to be an important consideration for the user and would normally not be longer than two weeks prior to administration . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
what yttriga contains - the active substance is chloride 1 mg / ml solution for injection in vial . - each vial contains 0 . 25 mL of sterile solution for infusion , followed by a further dilution by 2 . 75 mmol of hydrochloric acid ( h2n2 ) solution . this medicine is available in packs containing 3 or 10 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . it is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicinal product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in this case , you should not take the tablets with you and discuss the results of your clinical studies with your doctor and pharmacist . how ciambambra works ciama works by inhibiting the growth and spread of the tumour cells . this medicine is used to treat patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has not responded to treatment or it remains unsuitable for treatment with other anticancer medicines . when 
do not use ciambra : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . your doctor will make sure that you have the correct number of your platelets and that your kidneys are working properly . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if your kidney and liver function are adequate and to check that your blood cells are producing enough blood cells . if the patient is unwell , your doctor may decide to give you another medicine , or reduce the dose , without giving you the desired treatment . the doctor will check your blood cell counts regularly ,
ciambra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of anti - cancer medicines . the dose will depend on your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ). this dose is based on your height and weight . your doctor will use this dose to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to your child . you will always receive this medicine by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when you are receiving treatment with this medicine in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : 52 fever or infection ( common ): a temperature of 38oc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . - chest pain - fast heart rate - pain , redness , swelling or sores in the mouth . these could be signs of an allergic reaction , including skin rash . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood - low white cells , low white blood
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after " exp ". this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . chemical and physical in - use stability of ciambra products has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 - 8 ( and 25 - 25 ). from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not utilized immediately , in- use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours if stored below 25 . when prepared as a solution for infusion / infusion can be stored in the refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ) for up to 15 days . the reconstituted solution should be clear and colourless .
what ciambra contains  the active substance is pemetrexed .  each vial contains 100 mg / 0 . 5 ml of solution for injection , equivalent to 100 milligrams / millilitre . when reconstituted as directed , the solution ( the vial ) contains 100 million units ( mbq ), corresponding to 1 , 000 units / infusion . the dose ( the dose that leaves the mouthpiece ) is divided into two equal doses , each containing one vial of 1 . 2 milliliters . there are no other ingredients that make ciama : the powder is white to off - white , crystalline powder , and a solvent for solution for infusion ( powder ). the solvent is a clear , colourless liquid , supplied in a glass vial with
immunogam is used to prevent infections . immunogam contains human hepatitis b immunoglobulins ( igg ). it is produced by recombinant dna technology using a baculovirus expression system called rna . it is used when the body ' s immune system is not able to produce a protein that is needed for everyday tasks such as driving , reading or recognising faces . the protein in immunogam can be made from human blood or plasma , and is known as immunogam collects in a laboratory . a sample of healthy blood plasma of screened subjects ( 0 . 25 %) will be drawn from the blood plasma to make sure that immunogam has not spread to other infectious agents . when a person is given immunogam , the immune response of the virus is greatly enhanced . as a result 
do not use immunogam if you are allergic to iga or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunogam as an allergic reaction . immunogam should only be used in patients with iga deficiency . in this situation , it is unlikely that you will be given immunogam in the presence of a weakened immune system . however , in the case of an allergic response , you should inform your doctor of the early signs of adverse reactions ( e . g . chills , headache , fever , and vomiting ) after the infusion . severe allergic reactions with nausea , arthralgia ( joint pain ), low blood pressure and back pain . your doctor will monitor you closely for signs of hepatitis b immunoglobulin regularly ,
your doctor or nurse will administer immunogam to you or your child . vaccination with immunogam will be administered in accordance with official recommendations . international units : hepatitis b virus ( hbv ): the vaccine will be injected in a laboratory using a ldpe / ml pre - filled syringe . the vaccine can be administered at any time of the year , and in certain circumstances , especially in patients with long - term health problems . this vaccine should always be used in combination with other medicines that are obtained without a prescription or by direct contact with someone who has been trained in the use of antiretrovirals . human , animal , or animal - resistant suspension : the recommended dose for the vaccine is based on the available data in clinical studies with the human immunoglobulin , human h1n1 and
like all medicines , immunogam can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ); common ( affected by 1 to 10 users in 100 ); uncommon ( affected parkinsonian tubes , which originate in the region where the immunogam injection is given ). in clinical trials with ada - scid , the following effects have been observed with immunogam : - muscle contractions ( e . g . in infants , children and adolescents ) - decrease in the number of cells called platelets ( cells that help the blood to clot ). - nausea , fatigue , induration , swelling , or firmness at the injection site - generally feeling unwell , pain , fever . reporting of side effects
what immunogam contains - the active substance is hepatitis b immunoglobulin . immunogam 0 . 5 ml solution for injection : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 g , 5 g or 1 l of solution . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . by attaching to nkfr protein , it causes inflammation cells to develop in the diseases described below : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) in adults with moderate to severe pnoriasis . reMICade is also used in adults and children 6 years of age or older for the treatment of crohn 's disease or ulcerative colitis . in combination with other medicines the body can reduce the inflammation in your body in these diseases .
do not take remicade if you are allergic to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine if : you are hypersensitive ( allergic ) to proteins that come from mice . you have tuberculosis ( tb ) infection , such as pneumonia or sepsis , or heart failure . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you start treatment . your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . there is a possibility that you may be at increased risk of heart failure when you are treated with reMICade ( see section 4 ). you have been given a medicine to treat your disease but it is not known if this medicine is suitable for you
the doctor or nurse will give you remicade as an infusion ( drip ) over 2 hours into one of your veins , usually in your arm . after the second treatment , your doctor will decide the appropriate dose for you . if you have rheumatoid arthritis the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . the other medicines are : psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), pSoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn '
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . side effects may also occur after your treatment with remicade has stopped . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , skin rash , hives , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . some of these reactions may be serious or life - threatening . anaphylactic reaction : some patients have had a serious allergic reaction to the infusion or to the oral solution . if any of these symptoms occur , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after " exp ". store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . remicade can also be stored at room temperature ( below 25 ) for up to 3 weeks before use . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately , but not after an additional 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . the chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours at refrigerated temperature and for 28 hours at 25 after removal from the refrigerator ( but not beyond the original recommended storage conditions ).
what remicade contains the active substance is infliximab . each pre - filled syringe contains 100 mg of influenzadine . after reconstitution , each ml of solution contains 10 mg / 3 . 5 mmol ( 3 mg ). the other ingredients are sucrose , polysorbate 80 , monobasic sodium phosphate ( for ph adjustment ) and dibasic salt . ( see section 2 .) what you need to know before you are given a solution , tell your doctor or nurse . what retiade looks like and contents of the pack retiacin - a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution for injection in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . the vial contains 1 
rasagiline mylan is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinSON 's disease ). with parkinsons  s diseases , there are a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopa is a chemical in the body involved in movement control , and it helps to control the movement of the needles . in schizophrenia , the needle cover of the tablet contains a sugar that helps to move the needle to where it meets with the rest of the brain and helps to reduce the effects of the medicine .
do not take rasagiline mylan if you : - are allergic to rasagaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - have liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rasagine mylan when you are taking other medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . for treatment of depression or parkinson ' s disease , or used for any other reason ). these medicines are not recommended for use in patients with moderate to severe pain killers . you must not take these medicines for more than 14 days after stopping treatment . before starting treatment with rasagide mylan your doctor will check whether your mao inhibitors are working . pethidine , a strong pain killer , may also be recommended for you . children and adolescents
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 tablet of 1 mg taken by mouth once daily . rasagiline mylan can be taken with or without food and drink . your doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . do not exceed the recommended daily dose . take the rasagide mylan tablet twice daily at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . it is best for adolescents and children aged between 18 and  18 years weighing at least 18 . 5 kg and weighing less than 30 kg . there are no data available for patients whose disease has not yet been fully resolved . patients must adhere to their prescribed diet and exercise , as instructed by their doctor . in particular , patients who have problems swallowing tablets may find it
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . compared to placebo , the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common in children aged 10 years and older uncommon ( affectes 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affect affects less than 1 users in 1 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) abnormal movements ( dyskinesia ) headache , abdominal pain , fall , allergy , fever , flu ( influenza ) and general feeling of being unwell ( malaise ), neck pain and pain in the arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ), rash , hives ( urticaria ), flatulence , back pain and increased inflammatory markers in the blood . rare (
what rasagiline mylan contains - the active substance is rasagamiline tartrate . each tablet contains 0 . 5 mg rasaagiline ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), microcrystalline cellulose ( e460i ), tartric acid , maize starch , pregelatinized maize cereal , stearic acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . for information on ingredients , see sections 2 , " rasagitiline thelan contains lactoses " and " sodium " in section 6 of this leaflet . the tablets are available in blister packs containing 14 , 28 , 30 , 100 and 112 tablets and in multipacks comprising 7 cartons , each containing 10 carton , and multipack comprising 28
hulio contains the active substance adalimumab , a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . hemagglutinin is a cytotoxic ( cell killing ) medicine that acts on cells of the body ' s immune ( defence ) system called cd38 receptors . by attaching to dd38d , the medicine blocks its action and reduces its activity . this medicine is used to treat the inflammatory diseases listed below . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents from 2 - 17 years of age , and enthesitis - related arthritis in patients from the age of 6-17 years , who have crohn  s disease
do not use hulio : - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if : you have a severe infection , including active tuberculosis ( see " opportunistic infections "). signs of infections may include fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . you have moderate or severe heart failure . this is because it is important to tell your doctor about any heart condition you have had before ( had a serious allergic reaction ). allergic reactions with symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness on standing up , swelling or rash , have been reported in patients receiving this medicine in combination with other medicines . your doctor may
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended doses for hulio in each of the approved uses are shown in the following table . idiopathic arthritis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age up to 17 years : general dose : between 10 and 30 mg each day . your doctor may increase your dose to 20 mg once a day depending on your child ' s weight . use in children and adolescents from 2 months of age to less than 30 kg and 40 mg every other week . using a different dose regimen , the usual dose in adults and adolescents is as follows : arthritis age or body weight when you start a new treatment , or if your disease has not improved after 6 months of treatment . children and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur up to 4 months or more after the last hulio injection . seek medical attention urgently , if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction or heart failure : severe rash , severe hives ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , or swallowing ; pale complexion ; dizziness ; fever ; unexplained bruising or bleeding ; signs and symptoms of infection such as persistent fever , persistent cold , high temperature , low blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting ; pain in the muscles ,
what hulio contains the active substance is adalimumab . the other ingredients are monosodium glutumate , sorbitol ( e420 ), methionine , polysorbate 80 , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ). the final concentration of the solution for infusion is 40 mg / ml . when sterile solution is used , the solution contains 40 mg ( 10 mg ) of aaad adam . see the end of section 2 for further information about the contents of the pack . pack sizes the vials are supplied as a carton pack containing 1 vial and 2 injection syringes with 1 injection needle , 1 plunger rod or 2 injection needles . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
yellox contains the active substance erythropoietin delta , a cytotoxic ( cell killing ) substance that causes inflammation in the eye inflammation , and it is used in adults and children of all ages for whom cataract surgery is not an option .
do not use yellox - if you are allergic to bromfenac or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have asthma or skin allergy you have ever had inflammation of the nose you are using medicines for nsaids ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofed , diclofen you are taking steroids or cortisone , because these medicines can increase the risk of unwanted side effects . you have any bleeding problems . your doctor will check how well you are before and during your treatment with this medicine you have haemophilia and tell you how long you should continue to use it . if bleeding is not being controlled with 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop of yellox ( one drop in each eye ( s ) once a day in the evening . use the medicine at about the same time each day . you can use it anytime between 2 and 4 hours before or after cataract surgery . to avoid contamination of the clear gel , warm the soft gel and soften the gel . wash your hands . do not touch the dropper with your thumb and fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye . this will help you to remember to use the drops . if a drop misses your eye or eyelid , it is important that you continue to use y
what yellox contains - the active substance is bromfenac . each ml of solution for injection contains 2 . 5 mg , equivalent to 3 . 73 mg bromfienac ( as sodium sesquihydrate ). each pre - filled syringe contains 33 mg of bromfedenac in 0 . 6 mL solution . the other ingredients are boric acid , borax , sodium sulphite anhydrous , benzalkonium chloride , 1 . 2 mg tyloxapol , povidone , disodium edetate and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . what this medicine looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution in a glass vial with a rubber stop
dzuveo is a medicine that contains the active substance sufentanil . it belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . sufrentanil works by blocking the action of the natural chemical in the body , which allows it to work more effectively . this helps to reduce the amount of pain that occurs in adult patients .
do not take dzuveo : - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have problems with your lung or breathing . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - you have been using dzveo for asthma , with symptoms such as wheezing , shortness of breath , etc .. taking other medicines , including this one , may affect your breathing more than once a day ; you have had a head injury or a brain tumour ; your heart rate may be too slow , you have an irregular heartbeat , or you have a condition known as low blood volume or low blood pressure ; or you are
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of dzuveo is one tablet of sufentanil 30 mg once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may cause severe pain on the tongue . it is best to leave the tablet on your tongue at least 10 minutes before taking it , but your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . the total daily dose should not exceed 720 mg ( one tablet ) per day , i . e . 2 , 000 mg ( two tablets ) once per day in the morning and one tablet in the evening . to make sure that you take all the tablets as directed by your doctor , you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - severe breathing problems - slow and shallow breathing . these side effects may happen immediately after taking dzuveo . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ) and feeling hot . other side effects that may occur with this medicine include up to 1 in10 people : headache , dizziness , drowsiness , sleepiness . uncommon side effects( may affect up to1 in 100 people ). you may also experience diarrhoea . if this happens you must tell a doctor immediately . children and adolescents side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from
what dzuveo contains the active substance is sufentanil . each sublingual tablet contains 30 micrograms sufrentanil ( as citrate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : mannitol ( e421 ), dicalcium phosphate , hypromellose , crscarmellose sodium , indigo carmine , lactose ( see section 2 ), stearic acid , gelatin . film - coating : magnesium starate . see section 3 of this leaflet for further information about the contents of this medicine . how d Zuveo looks like and contents of the pack the 30 mg / 5 mg tablet is a light blue , oval - shaped tablet , debossed with " pfizer " on one side and " 30 " on the other side 
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance apalutamide . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body and no longer responds to medical or surgical treatment that lowers testosterone ( also called castration - resistant prostate cancer ). when the prostate cancer has a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene responsible for producing a protein called ' egfr ' ( epidermal growth factor receptor ) and cannot be removed from the body by itself . the change in gene may be caused by the increased risk of prostate cancer when other treatments have not worked - or have stopped working - for example , you may be at greater risk of having prostate cancer after you have been treated with an anti - cancer medicine containing the same or another anti epileptic medicine when used alone , but whose prostate cancer is not
do not take erleada : - if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - whether you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and contraception section "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have a history of seizures you have or have ever had blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , acenocoumarol ), or you have had heart or blood vessel conditions , such as heart rhythm problems ( arrhythmia ). you are at risk of falls . your doctor will carefully monitor you and decide if this medicine is suitable for you , and if necessary adapt the dose of this medicinal product .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 240 mg taken once daily . your doctor may increase your dose to a maximum of 60 mg once a day . take erleada by mouth . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not crush , chew or break the tablet before swallowing . if necessary , your doctor will advise you on the dose to take . method of administration the recommended dose is two tablets taken at the same time each day , one after the other , the other the day before or the evening meal . you should continue taking the tablets for as long as prescribed by your doctor , until your doctor tells you otherwise . this is one treatment cycle . during the course of treatment , you may experience some of the side effects described in section 4
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be non - elevated . they can appear as reddish target - like patches or circular patches often on the trunk , with or without blisters , skin peeling , ulcers in the mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be severe skin rashes . these can be preceded by fever and flu- like symptoms ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
what erleada contains - the active substance is apalutamide . each film - coated tablet contains 60 mg anatasunate . the other ingredients are : tablet core : colloidal anhydrous silica , croscarmellose sodium ; hypromellose acetate succinate ; magnesium stearate ; microcrystalline cellulose ; silicified microcrystalline manufacturing . film coating : iron oxide black ( e172 ); iron oxide red ( y 172 ), talc , macrogol , polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ) and titanium dioxide , sunset yellow fcf aluminium lake , indigo carmine aluminum lake . what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack the 60 mg tablets are orange , oval , biconvex , debossed
axumin is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance fluciclovine . this medicine is used for a pet scan in adults who have not previously had any type of prostate cancer . before the test , your doctor or nurse will measure if the prostate has a specific antigen ( psa ) called fcs ( a type of protein called a " fsa "). your doctor will then test for cancer cells before starting the treatment with this medicine , to see how well the cancer is responding to the treatment . the tcsa can be detected using a special scan device , a device that detects cancer cells . by scanning the area of the cancer , the doctor or the nurse will make sure that the scan complies with the recommendation of the nuclear medicine doctor requesting the procedure 
do not use axumin : - if you are allergic to fluciclovine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if : you have kidney problems you have a low sodium diet you are on a controlled sodium diet . your doctor will take regular blood samples during treatment with acsc and will monitor you for at least 4 weeks during the latest 60 minutes before the tamper evident camera lens . you will be asked to lie down until the last 60 minutes have passed before the injection . if any of these apply to you , do not take the medicine . before you have the injection of apsc , tell your doctor straight away . children and adolescents there is no relevant use of the medicine in children or adolescents below the age of 18 years 
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . medicines radiolabelled with axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only been handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . dose the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine radiolabelled in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to achieve the appropriate outcome , depending on the product you are receiving . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult is 370 mbq ( megabecquerel , the unit used to express radioactivity ). administration of the medicine radiolabelling the administration will be carried out by your doctor or nurse . administration of anaxUMin is given
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects for this medicine is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). the following side effects have been reported with axumin : very common ( occurring in at least 1 in every 100 patients ) pain , rash , altered taste in the mouth or altered sense of smell . these symptoms generally develop in a way that is unusual and requires immediate medical attention . radiation exposure to cancer and hereditary abnormalities ( see section 2 ) the frequency for these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). reporting of side effects 9 . 5 if you get any side effects talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any potential side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix 
what axumin contains - the active substance is fluciclovine . each ml of solution for injection contains 1600 mbq ( equivalent to 1 , 200 , 400 , 500 , 1000 , 1500 , 1600 , 16000 iu ). each syringe contains a total of 2 . 5 micrograms of flucclovine at a concentration of 3200 g / dl . the other ingredients are : fci ( for ph adjustment ), sodium citrate ( e331 ), concentrated hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide , and water for injections ( see section 2 " what you need to know before you use azumin ") ( for information on sodium in the powder ) and waterfor injections in pre - filled pens . what 
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called carbonic anhydrase inhibitors . they work by slowing the rate of deterioration of the eye surface which is important for the eye to function properly , and to reduce the amount of fluid that enters the eye when it is pressured . azeopt is used to treat an eye problem in adults who have high pressure in their eye , known as glaucoma . when the pressure in the eye is too high , the pressure inside the eye starts to increase . this can damage your sight .
do not take azopt if you : - are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - have kidney problems ( e . g ., brinzolamide , sulphonamides , medicines used to treat diabetes , infections , or diuretics ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if : you have an allergy to acidosis ( see also section 4 ). you are taking any medicines belonging to the oestrogen family that lower the level of potassium in your blood . you have kidney or liver problems - you have severe dry eyes or cornea problems , since your doctor may want to reduce the dose , temporarily stop or completely stop your treatment . your doctor also needs to know the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . children and adolescents this
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . only use azopt for your eyes . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . do not use more than 1 drop in both eyes at the same time , since the effect of this medicine lasts for so long . if your eyes are not working properly , repeat the steps for use at the end of this leaflet . instructions for use 1 2 3 how to use wash your hands before you start using the drops . twist off the cap . after cap is removed , hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and finger . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a clean finger to form a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with azopt were : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) effects in the eye blurred vision eye irritation eye pain eye discharge itchy eye dry eye abnormal eye sensation redness of the eye swelling in the treated eye , which is usually mild to moderate . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) damage to the eye marrow ( which may be a sign of a retinal detachment of the retinal layer ) in adults , adolescents , children and infants : a very rare , but very serious eye problem eye problem that can be fatal ( progressive 
what azopt contains - the active substance is brinzolamide . one ml of suspension contains 10 mg of brinzolani . -the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride ( see section 2 ), carbomer 974p , edetate disodium ( e386 ), mannitol , purified water , sodium chloride and tyloxapol . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal , and water for injections . what thezopt pre - filled syringe looks like and the contents of the pack - this medicine is a clear , colourless solution , supplied in a pack containing 1 , 5 or 10 glass vials ( with or without blister wrapping ) or
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . they work by lowering the amount of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . this medicine is used for a type of diabetes called " type 1 diabetes " in which your body does not make enough insulin or is not able to use the insulin it produces . for this reason , it is used : on its own if you are already overweight ( obese ) or have type 2 diabetes , as your body may not start producing any insulin quickly enough after you start to take it . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine , or to give you the injections of insulin by mouth to treat diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ). it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise
do not take forxiga : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine if : you feel sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness . you may develop a sweet smell to your breath , a special sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , rapid weight loss . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic kidney apnoe
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . forxiga should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of diabetes . how much to take the recommended dose is 10 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose ( 10 mg or 5 mg ) if your blood sugar is not adequately controlled with a diet and exercise program . people with type 1 diabetes : the usual starting dose is 5 mg once daily . however , your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you and will monitor how your body responds to the treatment . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or break the tablet . to make sure you have taken this medicine , you can take it at any time of the day , with or without food . this will help get the best results for your health .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are angioedema ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). these are signs of angioemia : - swelling of the face , tongue or throat ; difficulties swallowing ; hives and breathing . these may be signs of diabetic ketoacidosis . - type 1 diabetes : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and type 2 diabetes with additional risk factors . this is more likely if you are already taking forxiga and have already taken other medicines ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). diabetic kidneyacciosis : increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , which may make you feel sick and be sick , vomiting , di
what forxiga contains - the active substance is dapagliflozin . - each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 5 mg dapaglliflouzin propanediol monohydrate , equivalent to 5 mg of dapagling . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460i ), lactose ( see section 2 ' for further information '), crospovidone , silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate and talc - film coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide [ e171 ], macrogol 3350 , iron oxide yellow . printing ink : shellac , red , black and yellow iron oxide , indigo carmine aluminium lake , and ammonia solution , concentrated . what forixiga looks like
mepact contains the active substance mifamurtide , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from these diseases ). it is used in adults to treat : osteosarcoma ( bone cancer that has come back after 2 and 30 years ) when surgery to remove the tumour is not possible . in chemotherapy , the cells that cause the cancer to grow out of control are also given medicines to kill cancer cells and carry the cancer back to their original tumour .
do not use mepact : - if you are allergic to mifamurtide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - are taking ciclosporin , a type of medicine known as a calcineurin inhibitor . this is the group of medicines that make the blood vessels tighten ( thrombosis ), or cause bleeding ( haemorrhage ) during or after treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . - you are taking any medicines known to cause inflammation of the veins ( vasculitis ) before or during your treatment , especially long - lasting . your doctor will discuss with you whether the medicine is suitable for you . before starting treatment with this medicine your doctor may decide that you should not be treated with it because long 
how much is given mepact will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 2 mg of mifamurtide , given every 12 hours for up to 24 hours . before you start your chemotherapy course , your doctor may give you 36 mg of freeze - dried powder which will be mixed with water for injection before it is given . it will be diluted and given into a vein over 1 hour . if you experience certain side effects ( for example , fever , chills , fatigue , nausea , vomiting ), headache , high blood pressure or low blood pressure ), your doctor will tell you how long you should be treated .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience chills , fever and fatigue ( transient use of paracetamol ). these may be signs of a general decrease in your blood pressure . in case you experience fever , stomach problems ( for example nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite ) which may be caused by the chemotherapy in your body , you should tell your physician immediately . fever and chills may occur for up to 8 days after treatment with this medicine . infection , rash , problems breathing , wheezing , or stomach problems . if any of these occur , contact your doctor . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infections , pneumonia ) headache ,
what mepact contains - the active substance is mifamurtide . each pre - filled syringe contains 4 micrograms . one dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) contains 3 . 6 microgram (  . g . 3 - oleoyl - 2 , sn- glycero - 3- phosphocholine )- the other ingredients ( excipients ) are : lactose monohydrate ( see end of section 2 for further information on sodium , fat and sodium ) and water for injections ( see section 2 " mepace contains sodium " in section 2 ). what mypact looks like and contents of the pack the solution for injection is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution supplied in a glass prefilled 
mirvaso contains the active substance brimonidine , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha agonists . it is used to temporarily block redness of the face caused by rosacea , and to reduce the amount of redness in the face that occurs . the other symptoms of rosACEa are high levels of blood flow to the facial skin , enlargement and dilation in small blood vessels . mirvass works by blocking the effect of a protein in the body called vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is involved in the normal production of red blood cells . if the protein is damaged , it will be left in place by the skin and thereby improve the skin flow .
do not use mirvaso - if you are allergic to brimonidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . some side effects may be serious and may affect your skin . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have depression or parkinson ' s disease you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . selegiline , moclobemide , tricyclic antidepressants such as imipramine , tetracyclic antidepressants ( such as maprotiline / mianserin , or mirtazapin ). if any of these apply to you , do not apply mirvasa and contact your doctor immediately
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to use mirvaso is injected on the skin of your face . the recommended dose is one drop in the body surface , once daily on the affected areas ( e . g . in your eyes , mouth , nose , or vagina ). how much to use your doctor will work out the right dose for you , depending on your condition and on how you respond to the treatment . use in adults the recommended starting dose is 0 . 5 mg for every kg of body weight , injected twice daily . do not cover the treated areas with bandages or wraps , as this may increase the risk of redness and burning . instructions for use 2 wash your hands before you begin . put the bottle cap on a clean surface on the inside of the bottle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : skin irritation or inflammation of the skin rash , skin pain or discomfort , dry skin , a warm skin sensation , or tingling sensation of pins and needles or swelling on the face . the most serious side effects are described below : rosacea and may occur after the discontinuation of mirvaso 2 - contact allergy , which is a potentially life - threatening skin rashes , and may appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . if this happens , please inform your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10
what mirvaso contains - the active substance is brimonidine . one ml of suspension contains 0 . 5 mg brionidine tartrate .  the other ingredients are methylparahydroxybenzoate ( e218 ), phenoxyethanol , glycerol , gelatin , titanium dioxide . the suspension contains propylene glycol , sodium hydroxide , and purified water ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of m - benzoate ' for further information ). the medicine is a white to off - white lyophilised cake . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . each vial contains 2 . 3 mg of brimoniidine , equivalent to 3 . 4 mg of propyl
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ) in a way that is not normally known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). once the antibody has been absorbed into the bloodstream , it travels through the lymph vessels to the rest of the body , where it can provide the nutrients and oxygen that the patient needs for their treatment . by blocking these blood vessels , the medicine helps to increase the number of blood cells that supply oxygen to the tumour . the medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with cancer of the bowel , i . e ., in the colon or rectum . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine medicine .
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are hypersensitive ( allergic ), e . g . pregnant , think you may be allergic , or are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine if : you have holes in the gut wall you have inflammation in the abdomen you have diverticulitis you have severe stomach ulcers you have colitis associated with chemotherapy you have any medical conditions that could increase the risk of developing connections or passageway between two organs or vessels between the vagina and any parts of the gut you have cervical stenosis ( a hole in the wall of the gullet ) you have problems with your blood circulation you have an abnormal connection
dosage and frequency of administration the dose of mvasi needed depends on your body weight and the kind of cancer to be treated . the recommended dose is 5 mg , 10 mg or 15 mg per kilogram ( kg ) of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . to prepare the medicine for infusion , your doctor or nurse will prepare and give you the medicine as an infusion ( drip ) over 2 or 3 weeks . each course of treatment will be divided into two doses . you will be given an initial course of infusions followed by an interval of at least two weeks between the first and second course . this interval will be monitored by your doctor , based on your response to treatment . method and route of administration if necessary , the medicine will be diluted with sodium chloride solution before it is given to you in a hospital or clinic . how is m
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects listed below were seen when mvasi was given together with chemotherapy . it is important to read the information under ' other side effects of chemotherapy '. tell your doctor or nurse straight away if any of the following occur . side effects occur in clinical studies and post - marketing experience with mvai were reported as follows : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): allergic reactions ( symptoms include difficulty in breathing , chest pain , redness or flushing of the skin or a rash ), chills or shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea
what mvasi contains - the active substance is bevacizumab . each ml of concentrate contains 25 mg of beta , corresponding to 1 . 4 to 16 . 5 mg / vial when diluted as recommended . - each vial contains either : - 25 mg ( corresponding  to 2 . 25 mg ) or - 100 mg ( 1 , 000 mg ). - a single vial provides a sufficient amount of reconstituted and infusion solution containing either 0 . 6 mg , 4 mg or 100 mg of bevacab in 16 mg . the single - use vial delivers a sufficiently high concentration of 400 mg bevacinab and 16 mg ( 4 mg ), 400 mg ( 2 , 400 mg ); and - an intravenous infusion bag containing 3 . 8 mg of 
tecartus is a gene therapy product that contains the active substance ataluren . it is used to treat mantle cell lymphoma in adult patients . mantLE cell lymphnoma is caused by a reduced number of certain white blood cells ( called autologous anti - cd19 - transduced ccd3 + cells ). mantlet cell lymphhoma is an inherited disease that affects a certain kind of white blood cell , called b - lymphocytes . these cells are part of the immune system and are thought to be involved in the development of these cells . Mantle cells are a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , and is thought to have a connection between the lymph tissue and the bone marrow , which allows the medicine to be passed on from person to person . the modified white
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . white blood cells will be collected during treatment with chemotherapy . these will be done before the treatment is started . - the number of recombinant fusion cells ( autologous use ) will be checked regularly . during treatment , your doctor will perform tests to check your lungs , heart , kidney , and blood pressure . your doctor may perform tests before and during treatment to monitor your condition and to check that your blood pressure is adequate and that your immune system is working properly . in addition , you will be given other medicines to stimulate the production of your blood cells . this medicine is not recommended if : - you have an infection
tecartus will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will collect enough white blood cells in order to make the medicine . a small amount of blood will be collected and stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). if you cannot keep the medicine out of the sight and reach of children , your doctor will take appropriate precautions to keep the cells in the catheter placed in your vein . this procedure is called leukapheresis and involves placing a needle into a vein where it is needed most of the time it takes to get the medicine right away . each time you receive a dose , the medicine will be given 3 to 6 hours to allow the cells to return to the normal range . your doctor may decide to change the dose based on the response of your cells . during the first 2 to 3 days of treatment ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to stop tecartus . side effects reported in clinical studies were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , chills reduced blood pressure which may cause dizziness or lightheadedness fluid in the lungs ( cytokine release syndrome ). loss of consciousness . decreased level of consciousness may be associated with confusion , memory loss or disturbances of brain function . difficulty speaking , slurred speech , impaired writing ability , reduced sense of touch , visual disturbances , and loss of hearing . other side effects that have been reported during marketed use include : common side effects ( may
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial after " exp ". store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . tecartus is for single use only . when prepared as a solution for infusion , the reconstituted solution should be used immediately , but not after reconstitution with liquid nitrogen , at room temperature ( below 150 ). this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . it must be protected from light , and should not be administered if any visible particles or if the solution is unclear . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for sterile water and household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what tecartus contains - the active substance is autologous anti - cd19 - transduced cc3 + cells . each patient - specific single infusion bag contains a sufficient number of infusion - appropriate t cells to support a course of treatment . the total number of cells in the vial ranges from 68 to 106 x 109 / ml , corresponding to a concentration of 66 x 1 . 0  108 cells / vial . further dilution by a healthcare provider is required prior to administration . components : the other ingredients are : sodium chloride , human albumin , and water for injections . see section 2 " tecARTus contains sodium ". what Tecartus looks like and contents of the pack the medicine is a clear to slightly o
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase -4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type2 diabetes . it can be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar ( such as metformin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what are the benefits of taking this medicine for your diabetes , you need to keep following the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is
do not use januvia : - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( acute pancreatictitis ) have been reported in patients receiving janusvia ( see section 4 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if your skin is damaged and you are also allergic to bullous pemphigoid . your doctor will advise you whether this medicine is suitable for you . do not apply pressure on the upper and lower abdominal ( belly ) area of skin . contact your doctor straight away . in case of an allergic reaction , your doctor may recommend an alteration in the dose . before applying this medicine , make sure that you and your doctor have checked the levels of sugar in your blood before and during treatment
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual recommended dose is one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . 63 the tablet can be taken with or without food . take the tablet at the same time each day with a glass of water . patients with kidney problems : the dose is between 25 and 50 mg . swallow the tablet whole . do not crush or chew the tablet . how long to take januvia continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . you should keep following your doctor ' s advice about how long your treatment will last . it is important to keep following the advice from your doctor and pharmacist so that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of your blood sugar 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking januvia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatic acute pancreitis ). a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and / or swelling on the right side of your stomach ( abdomen ) and possibly leading to severe abdominal pain . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat the symptoms . the other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting
what januvia contains - the active substance is sitagliptin . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) ( 6 . 5 mg / 25 mg ) contains : - segmental phosphate monohydrate , equivalent to 25 mg of segment . - other ingredients ( excipients ) are : tablet core : lactose anhydrous , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460i ), calcium hydrogen phosphatae , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate and sodium stearyl fumarate . tablet film coating : poly ( vinyl alcohol ), macrogol 3350 , titanium dioxide , red iron oxide and yellow iron oxide , yellow ink : shellac , carnauba wax , sunset yellow fcf aluminium / e110 .
xultophy contains the active substance liraglutide which is similar to the natural hormone glucagon , but is also used to lower blood glucose . in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus ( diabetes ), the body is not able to use the insulin properly , and the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to a build - up of too much sugar . insulin degludec is a basal insulin , which helps control your blood sugar level . it can also be used with other medicines , including insulin - like medicines . if you are already taking a medicine that lowers the amount of sugar in your blood , it can be added to other medicines to help control your diabetes , such as tablets or oral medicines to control your
do not take xultophy : - if you are allergic to insulin degludec , liraglutide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions 39 talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . you should not take this medicine together with other medicines for high blood sugar , such as glimepiride or glibenclamide . the use of a sulfonylurea may increase your blood sugar levels . your doctor will monitor your blood glucose levels regularly while you are taking this medicinal product . if your doctor determines that you need a higher or lower dose , this medicine should not be used as a substitute for a doctor . this medicine may not be suitable for you .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one subcutaneous injection ( 0 . 5 ml ) once a day . use in children and adolescents ( 3 years of age and above ) the dose can be adjusted by your doctor depending on your blood sugar level . your doctor will tell you how much xultophy you need and how often you should use it . the maximum dose is 41 micrograms ( mg ) per kilogram of body weight . method of administration 41 your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and inject the medicine . you must use xULtophy at the same time every day , in the evening or at bedtime . it does not matter whether you use it for the first time or whether you switch from the previous treatment to x
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are low blood sugar . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): if your blood sugar level gets low you may pass out and become unconscious . serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . if you are aware of the early signs of low blood glucose , you must act quickly to reduce the amount of sugar in your blood and this can lead to brain damage . your doctor will monitor you closely during treatment with this medicine and will adjust your dose of this medicine if necessary . symptoms of low or high blood sugar include : a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ; frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction to xultophy ( see also section 2 ). your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop
what xultophy contains - the active substances are insulin degludec and liraglutide . each ml of solution contains 100 units of insulin degoûtec and 1 . 5 micrograms of latent , respectively . one vial contains 300 units of the active substance , which is equivalent to 7 . 3 mg of insulin desgludece and 0 . 25 mg of liviraglutides . -the other ingredients are glycerol , phenol , zinc acetate , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). see section 2 for further information on sodium . pack sizes : 1 , 5 or 10 vials of 3 . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
giotrif contains the active substance afatinib . this medicine is used to treat cancer of the lung , called non - small cell lung cancer , in adults , who have not received prior chemotherapy .
do not take giotrif if you are allergic to afatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a very low body weight of less than 50 kg . you have moderate or severe kidney problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if any of these apply to you . some side effects may be serious . lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease ) tell your doctor right away if your lung problems get worse or last longer than a few days . liver problems some patients have had liver problems before , and some patients had liver tests during their treatment . your doctor will do some tests before and during your treatment to check whether your liver disease is working properly . eye problems tell a doctor straight away , if , after starting the treatment , you get dry eyes or eye pain when getting up from
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 40 mg once a day . take giotrif about 1 hour before or 3 hours after meals . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . try to take your tablet at about the same time each day to have the best treatment effect . this will help you to remember to take it . it may take up to 8 weeks before you start to feel an improvement in your condition . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last , and whether your treatment needs to be continued . if your doctor thinks that your cancer is getting worse , talk to your doctor before giving you this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are diarrhoea which may affect more than 1 in 10 people . your doctor will start you on diarration treatment ( see section 2 " take special care with giotrif ") and will gradually increase your dose over the next several weeks . at the start of your treatment your doctor may reduce the dose of your medicine to 0 . 5 mg per day . during your treatment , the doctor will increase the dose gradually to 1 mg / day ( depending on your response to the treatment ). the dose may be increased gradually to the full standard dose . if you experience any of the side effects listed above , you should contact your doctor immediately . very common : may affect too much fluid from your body ( fluid retention ). common - may affect up to 1 in10 people 
what giotrif contains - the active substance is afatinib . each film - coated tablet contains 20 mg ( 20 mg ) of a fatinibu ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , crospovidone ( type a ), magnesium stearate . tablet coating : hypromellose , macrogol 400 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and polysorbate 80 ( soy ) ( for 20 mg tablets only ). what gitrif looks like and contents of the pack the film coated tablets are white to off - white , film coated , round , biconvex , with " gsi " on one side and " 20 "
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substances lumacaftor and ivacafting . it is used for the treatment of cystic fibrosis ( cf ) in adults and children aged 6 years and older . cystic fistulas are a disease in which the lungs produce an abnormal protein to work more normally . this causes your lung function to decrease if you do not gain weight as much as usual .
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to lumacaftor , ivacafting or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking any medicine . you should not take this medicine if : - you have liver or kidney disease . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . taking this medicine you will need regular blood tests during treatment with this medicine to check that your liver is working properly . take special care with other medicines this medicine is not recommended in patients with liver problems . talk to you doctor about any pain or discomfort on the right side of your stomach ( abdominal ) area , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), or an abnormality of taste
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults ( including children aged 6 to 11 years ) the recommended dose of orkambi is one 100 mg capsule 2 times a day . children aged 2 to  12 years and adults : the maximum recommended dose is either 2 capsules in the morning and 2 capsule in the evening . if your doctor prescribes a higher dose than this recommended dose , you will take either two 200 mg capsules ( 1 capsule each time ) in the afternoon and one 2 mg capsule ( 3 capsules each day ). children weighing less than 12 kg the recommended starting dose for adults is one 200 mg dose . taking this medicine take the capsules with food that contains fat . do not chew , crush or split the capsule as this may affect the way the medicine works . swallow the capsule whole with water 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects seen in clinical studies for patients treated with orkambi combined with ivacaftor were similar to those observed in adults , but were less common . some side effects could be due to raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood . these may be the signs of liver injury or liver disease . liver function may be affected . uncommon side effects ( occurring in fewer than 1 in 100 patients ) pain or discomfort in the stomach ( abdominal ) area yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) ( see also section 2 ) low levels of alanine aminotransferase in blood tests ( seen in a clinical study ) liver function was also seen . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) included : feeling of spinning
what orkambi contains - the active substances are lumacaftor and ivacafting . - ork Ambi 100 mg : each capsule contains 100 milligrams ( corresponding to 125 mg / ml ) of loriactor , while supplying the same dose ( 0 . 5 millilitres of oral suspension ). - forkambi 200 micrograms / 200 microlitres , the recommended dose is 1 , 000 mg , with an additional 126 - hour supply . the other ingredients are : in the capsule content : microcrystalline ( e460 ), croscarmellose sodium , hypromellose acetate succinate , povidone , sodium laurilsulfate , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( i ) and lactos
lynparza contains the active substance olaparib , which belongs to a group of medicines called anticancer medicines . it is used to treat cancer by preventing the activity of an anti - cancer agent called parp inhibitor ( polymerase inhibitor ). advanced or metastatic breast cancer in adults , when other treatments have not worked or you are not able to take them . patients with polyma - inhibitors have higher levels of parp and this results in tumour cell death . they also help to repair dna in cancer and to help to reduce the size of the cancer cells . if you do not respond well enough to parp , your cancer will continue to grow and survive , and you will be given other medicines to treat you or your child , as parp is not a cure for your cancer . your doctor will discuss with you the best course of therapy .
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to olaparib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lyndparza ( see section 2 under ' taking other medicines '). your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts . before treatment , you will have testing to check that you have enough red or white blood cells and platelet counts , and may change your dose or dosing schedule if needed . see section 4 for more information about side effects . 75 - fever or infection . - unexpected bruising or bleeding from the bone marrow ( including myelodysplastic syndrome ( mds / ml ) or acute myeloid leukaemia 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of lynparza is one 100 mg tablet twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 150 mg twice daily . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . to help you remember to take your medicine , you may find it easier to take it at the same time each day if it is not possible to follow your doctor ' s instructions . if your doctor thinks that you may have taken too much , or if someone else has taken your tablets , contact your doctor straight away . take the medicine pack with you so that you can show the doctor what you have taken . taking
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling short of breath , feeling very tired , having pale skin , and fast heart beat ( anaemia ). uncommon ( might affect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reactions , including hives , difficulty breathing , or swallowing , dizziness . these hypersensitivity reactions are rare . if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . common : may affect upto 1 in every 10 people feeling sick sick feeling sick , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , stomach ache , vomiting , itching rash , muscle pain , pain in joints or muscles
what lynparza contains - the active substance is olaparib . each film - coated tablet contains 50 mg of olarab .  the other ingredients are : tablet core : lauroyl macrogol - 32 glycerides , hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), potassium acetate , and indigo carmine aluminium lake . printing ink : shellac , iron oxide black and / or red . the ink may contain : yew - coloured , oval , biconvex and engraved with ' tz50 ' on one side and plain on the other side . this medicine is available in aluminium blisters in pack sizes of 14 , 28 , 30 , 56 , 60 , 90 , 112 or 4
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone , which belongs to a group of medicines called opioids , such as methadone ( fentanyl ), oxycodone , buprenorphine and morphine . you should continue to take your opioid overdose and follow the instructions from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . do not take any more than 14 days without talking to your doctor because the opioids may cause breathing problems and sleepiness . if you think you have been given this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . because of the potential risk of opioid overload , opioids must be stopped and you must take urgent emergency medical care .
do not use nyxoid : - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important that you are aware of the extra risks involved in the prevention of opioid overdose . in emergency medical care , emergency services and other measures are put in place to prevent or reduce the overdose of opioids . once you have started using the nasal spray , see section 2 to 3 for more information . if your nasal spray is not working ( physically dependent ), you must not use the spray until you have established your own safety and efficacy . dependence on opioids these medicines may not work and you may be dependent on other doctors who are trained in the use of these medicines . for example , methadone , 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose of nyxoid is one inhalation ( 0 . 5 ml ) once a day in the evening . the medicine should be injected into the shoulders , ears , breastbone , sternum or the front of the ear using a fingernail . it is important that you do not touch the mouth and nose of any blocksages . do not let any debris in the mouth or nose remain in place for 10 minutes after you have taken the medicine . if your breathing is the chest moving , you hear breathing sounds , or feel breathless , it can be a symptom of cheek irritation . in case of overdose , your doctor may decide to slow down or stop your treatment with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the withdrawal symptoms will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . stop taking nyxoid and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following withdrawal symptoms : - dependence on opioid drugs - fast heart rate - high blood pressure - body aches - stomach cramps - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - excessive sweating - fever - goose bumps , shivering or trembling - changes in behaviour , including violent behaviour - severe stomach pain , often accompanied by a fever and sometimes with a decrease in the number of blood platelets . the doctor may prescribe 
what nyxoid contains - the active substance is naloxone . each vial contains 2 . 5 mg of nаloxone ( as hydrochloride dihydrate , trisodium citrate dihydrate and sodium chloride ). - after reconstitution , one ml of solution contains 1 . 0 mg of hydrochroic acid , corresponding to 0 . 9 mg of sodium hydroxide . the other ingredients are purified water and a low level of sodium in the blood . what you need to know before you are given nnyxiaid : see section 2 of this leaflet for further information about the preparation and administration of this medicine . it is a clear and colourless solution .
ovaleap contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin ( fc - rhytma ) and belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors play an important role in human fertility and fertility . in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of the ovaries . ovaleaves is used in combination with clomifene citrate , another medicine used for the treatment of women who cannot be pregnant because they have low levels of a protein called lh . ldl - 2b , is produced in the laboratory of human luteinising hormone ( hsh ), and in male adolescent female sperm .
do not use ovaleap : - if you are allergic to follitropin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to bovine serum or to chorionic gonadotropin , a type of tumour known as a hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if your ovaries are too large ( ovarian cysts ) and you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if this applies to you , tell your doctor before you start treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . it is important that you and your partner ' s doctor record the brand name and batch number of your medication . this is so that you can easily describe what you have been given . as with any
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ovaleap is given as an injection into the tissue just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . to help you remember to use your medicine , inject it at about the same time each day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should not use ovalap more than once a week . it is important that you use the medicine at the right times every week , as instructed by your doctor . how much to use the usual starting dose is 150 mg for every kg of body weight , given every week for the first 7 days of your menstrual cycle . your doctor may decide that you need a lower dose of 75 mg , or 150 mg every 7 days for every 14 days 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . side effects may also occur after your treatment with ovaleap has stopped . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : severe allergic reactions such as skin rash or raised itchy skin . serious allergic reactions may include weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing and swelling of the face . these reactions usually develop in a rapid fashion . 37 these reactions are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if this happens , your or your child ' s doctor may decide to stop the treatment and start giving you another medicine to treat the reaction . stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately . the following side effects have been reported with
what ovaleap contains - the active substance is follitropin alfa ( fsh ). - ovale ap 300 iu / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection : each vial contains 300 micrograms , corresponding to 22 microgram ( i . e . 3 . 6 microgram ) of b - lymphocyte ( a type of white blood cell that forms part of the immune system ), indicating that it is produced in a human body . the vaccine has been designed to recognise and attach to a specific protein in the body and enables it to work more effectively in such a way that the cells in the vial can release the bh lymphocytes into the bloodstream and release the medicine out of the body , which is called fl - positive . ovaleavesp 
voriconazole accord contains a medicine called vorikonazole . voriCONazole is an antifungal medicine . it works by killing or stopping the growth of the fungi that cause infections . this medicine is used for the treatment of patients ( adults and children over the age of 2 ) with : invasive aspergillosis ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergeria sp .), candidaemia ( another type of serious fungal problem in non - neutropenic patients whose white blood cells count is less than or equal to 1 . 1 % ( all patients with serious invasive candida syndrome ) infections when their normal blood cell count is low , leading to a higher than normal number of granulocytes . in the case of candida - induced spp . infections , fluconazoles
do not take voriconazole accord - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). it is very important that you inform your doctor or pharmacist if any of these applies to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse while taking this medicine . this medicine is not a substitute for the medicines you take at the same time , and this is because it affects the way in which your body makes its own antibodies . these antibodies help to weaken your immune system . the medicines listed below are listed in alphabetical order : 46 terfenadine ( commonly used for allergy ) astemizole ( used to treat allergy symptoms ) cisapride ( taken for stomach problems ) pimozide ( used for treating mental illness ) quinidine ( used in irregular heart beat
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine how long voriconazole accord needs to be given and whether any change is needed to your daily dose . treatment should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in treating infection . the recommended dose for adults and adolescents over 40 kg who weigh at least 40 kg is one tablet once a day for the first 24 hours ( loading dose ). this dose can be divided into two equal doses of 400 mg , taken as 12 separate doses in one 24 hour period . use in children over 12 years of age weighing at least 24 kg will be 200 mg each day . for children less than 24 hours , the recommended starting dose is 200 mg every 12 hours ( maintenance dose ), taken as 24 hours later . additional doses can be made up of 100
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to stop voriconazole accord : rash jaundice ; changes in blood tests of liver function pancreatitis other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) visual impairment ( change in vision including blurred vision , visual color alterations , abnormal intolerance to light , colour blindness ) eye disorder , halo vision abnormal heart rhythm , fast heartbeat , low blood pressure , fainting , dizziness , headache , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , flatulence , vomiting ,
what voriconazole accord contains - the active substance is vorikonazole . one film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 50 milligrams of vorigale ( equivalent to 3 . 7 mg ). - each voricanazoleaccord 50 mg tablet ( 12 . 9 mg ) or 200 millilitres ( corresponding to 8 . 69 mg ), contains 19 . 5 mg or 200 mg of vorivatory . the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , pregelatinised starch , croscarmellose sodium , povidone , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), maize starch ( gluten free ), lactoses monohydrate ( see section 2 ), triacetin . what vor
mvabea is a vaccine which will protect you against ebola virus disease in the future . it is given to individuals aged 1 year and older who may possibly come into contact with the h5n1 virus . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection in the form of antibodies against the virus , using special cameras to detect and track the movements of the people who carry the zoster . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause this disease . because zzz is made from pigs , this vaccine produces a type of filovirus that can infect other people . this vaccine will not protect against the other people who are vaccinated with zaire . you will receive two doses of zabdeno vaccine and one dose of 8 weeks later .
you should not receive mvabea if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving the vaccine . there is a small chance that you may experience an allergic reaction . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if your response to the vaccine is poor . you should tell the doctor requesting the vaccination if : you have previously had a severe allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( e . g . antibiotic , gentamicin ). however , in a pandemic situation , it may be appropriate for you to have the vaccine provided that appropriate medical treatment is immediately available in case of a life - threatening allergic reaction following the vaccine injection . therefore , tell the medical staff looking after you had any fainted with 
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm or thigh ) using a syringe ( intramuscular injection ). the vaccine should never be given inside a blood vessel . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . pharmacist : when is the first dose of mvabea ? first dose : at an elected date , this will be given at least four weeks after the second vaccination with zabdeno vaccine . from 8 weeks onwards : you will receive the mvasbea vaccine as a secondary vaccination . your doctor will tell you when you need to come back for the primary vaccination , but not before the second vaccine is due . it is important to follow the instructions from the
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects may occur at least up to 7 days after the injection . the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , warmth and swelling where the injection is given feeling very tired muscle ache and joint pain common ( will affect up to 1 in every 10 persons ) being sick ( vomiting ) itching uncommon ( will occur ) ( will be seen by a doctor ) redness and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling around the neck , armpit or groin . if this happens , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects in children and adolescents children aged 1 to 17 years may experience more side effects than in adults .
what mvabea contains 29 - the active substance is human coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). each vial contains 108 ml of trace residues derived from gentamicin , sodium chloride , trometamol and water for injections . the other ingredients are hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and xanthan gum . see section 2 . solvent : 20 % w / v .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . it is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called bone " metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to reduce the risk of other bone problems that may need surgery or radiotherapy . you may also be given Bondronat because you have a raised calcium level in your blood . a tumour is a substance that is lost from your bones . this makes your bones weaker .
do not take bondronat : - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported very rarely in the post - marketing setting . in this case , it is recommended that you stop treatment with Bondronat and see your doctor for advice as soon as possible . onj can also occur after stopping treatment . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it is a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . for example , if your doctor thinks you may be at risk of developing osteonosis of your jaw , you should contact your doctor . before starting treatment , tell your doctor
bondronat will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in cancer treatment . it is given as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much is given the recommended dose is : 0 . 75 mg for each kilogram of your weight , once a day for three weeks . if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones , it is recommended that the first dose is given 3 times per week ( 3 - 4 weeks ). how long treatment lasts a long period of treatment , this usually takes about 3 to 4 weeks to reach an acceptable level . the doctor will adjust your dose depending on the severity of your disease . you will usually receive this treatment over at least 15 minutes infusion into your vein over
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): eye pain inflammation , pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the fhigh bone . very rarely , you may experience pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . tell your doctor straight away if you have any of these symptoms or if they get worse . jaw problems : common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache ; dizziness ; feeling of spinning ; ringing in your ears ; muscle spasms ; pain in the back of your neck . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : diarrhoea ;
what bondronat contains - the active substance is ibandronic acid . one ampoule with 2 ml of a concentrate for solution for infusion contains 2 mg ( corresponding to 0 . 5 mg / m2 of icna ).  the other ingredients are : sodium monohydrate , sodium chloride , acetic acid and sodium acetate .  solvent : water for injections . see section 2 " bondronate contains sodium ". what Bondronat looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear , colourless solution , supplied in a single use clear glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium seal . each carton contains 1 vial of bromobutyl rubber latex which must be free of visible particles .
zeposia contains the active substance zemantinib . it belongs to a group of medicines called white blood cells called lymphocytes . the reason why this medicine has been prescribed for you is because you have been given zeposa to help protect you from attacks on your nerve cells . what steposia is used for multiple sclerosis ( ms ) is a highly active disease that affects the immune system . some people with mps have more aggressive problems with their nerves , such as in the brain and spinal cord . these problems can cause numbness , difficulty in walking , problems with vision and balance . in patients with psa , these problems go away and help them to get better . zepositiona reduces the number of these cells in your body . as a result , your nerves will no longer work properly 
do not take zeposia : - if you are allergic to ozanimod or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had a weakened immune system , for example due to a heart attack ( angina ), stroke or " mini - stroke " ( also called transient ischemic attack , tia ), or severe heart failure in the last 6 months . you have or have had irregular or abnormal heartbeats ( arrhythmia or non - arteritic heart rhythms ). you have an infection such as hepatitis or tuberculosis , or you have cancer . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely , and treat you if any of these apply to you 
always take zeposia exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet a day . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is right for you , depending on your condition , your body weight and the way the medicine works . for this reason , it is important that you take the tablets with food , preferably at the same time every day for the first 4 days of treatment with ozanimod . this will ensure that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . do not take more than 1 tablet in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . it is best to take the tablet at least 1 hour before or 3 hours after a meal . some people may even still feel better after 4 weeks of treatment . if this is the case ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - problems with your heart or urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may impact less than 1 in 100 people ), including signs of allergic reaction such as rash . other side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse about what you can do to avoid the side effects below . very common : may affect more than 1 person in 10 - infections of the nose , nostrils , nasal cavity or mouth , bronchitis ( blocked or runny nose ) - increased level of bilirubin in the blood - a type of white blood cell ( clotting factor ) in your blood
what zeposia contains - the active substance is ozanimod . each tablet in the tablet contains 0 . 25 mg of ozonimod ( as hydrochloride ). each tablet of zeposa 2 . 5 mg contains 2 , 5 mg / 280 mg contains 3 , 000 mg - ozaimod [ as hydro chloride ]). each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 4 , 500 mg , 7 , 200 mg oz ozumimod * ( hdpe ) ( see section 2 ). * the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , silica , colloidal anhydrous , croscarmellose sodium , and magnesium stearate . film coating : titanium dioxide [ e171 ], yellow iron oxide [ 1 
temybric ellipta contains three active substances called fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . fluticasesone furonate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids , often simply called steroids . Umeclidium bromide and villeanterol belong to group of medications called bronchodilators . your doctor will use the ' reliever inhaler ' to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . the use of temуbric clarithromycin is recommended for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the
do not use temybric ellipta : - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine . if the following applies to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . before you are given this medicine as your doctor may want to check that you are getting the right dose . the amount of medicine that you will be given will depend on : how well it works for you . don ' t take temmybric clarithromycin to treat asthma . use this medicine every day , even when you have no asthma symptoms . heart problems this medicine can cause heart problems such as high blood pressure and liver problems . tuberculosis ( 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use temybric ellipta regularly it is very important that you cover your mouth with water , and that you use it every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . do not use more this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if your situation gets worse or you feel you are using your quick - acting reliever inhaler more often : salbutamol
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . immediate breathing difficulties if your breathing or wheezing gets worse straight after using this medicine , stop using it and get medical help immediately . pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) in copd patients ( common side effect ) tell your doctor if you have any of the following while using temybric ellipta these could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucuses colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : headache common side impacts these may effect up to1 in 10 users : diarrhoea low number of white blood cells ( cells involved in blood clotting ) low white blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ) flu ( influenza ) infection of
what temybric ellipta contains - the active substances are fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . - each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 92 micrograms ( 75 microgram ) fluticason foroate equivalent to 65 microgram ( corresponding to 0 . 5 milligrams of fluticticodinium ) and 55 microgram( 1 . 2 millilitres ) umeklidinium ( equivalent to 22 microgram per ml ) as an add - on to the dose : the other ingredients are : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' content of the pack ') and magnesium stearate ( e470b ). what the ellimpta inhal
zinforo is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance ceftaroline fosamil and belongs to a group of medicines called cephalosporin antibiotics . it is used to treat adults with the following infections : - infections of the skin and tissues below the skin - infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) - treatment of adults and children with the same condition as the antibiotic used to kill the bacteria that cause infections .
do not take zinforo : if you are allergic to ceftaroline fosamil , cephalosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . allergic reactions can occur following treatment with certain antibiotics , such as penicillin or carbapenem . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before taking the medicine you are given . don ' t take the following medicines whilst you are being treated with this medicine in the long term . see also " do not use " in section 4 . " other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription ", " other antibiotics and penicillin " and " carnauba wax ". ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking
the recommended dose of zinforo is 600 mg given every 12 hours . a course of treatment usually lasts from 600 mg to 8 mg . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment are needed , depending on your condition , your body weight , the type of infections you have and how well you tolerate treatment . adults the usual dose is 8 mg per kg of body weight per day . children and adolescents 12 years of age and older the dose depends on how well the medicine works for you . it is given every 8 to 12 hours through a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the first dose is given as an infusion over a period of 5 minutes . this is followed by a maintenance dose of 60 to 120 minutes ( 2 doses per kg ) for the first week and then as an extension of 5 doses every 14 days for skin infections . the recommended maintenance dose is 5
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue , a rash , swallowing or breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and diarrhoea . taking zinforo can cause your bowel to relax , which may be very common ( affects more than 1 in 10 people ). your doctor may order a blood test ( called a coombs test ) to check how well your antibiotic is working ( this is common in patients with a low level of potassium , magnesium , calcium or phosphate in the blood ). this may be common in people taking this medicine ( may affect up to
what zinforo contains - each pre - filled syringe contains 600 micrograms of ceftaroline fosamil . - the other ingredients are arginine and water for injections . what this medicine looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution for injection . it is supplied in a ready - to - use disposable nebuliser handset with a tamper - proof stainless steel needle and needle cap . the device is provided with an infusion set , which contains 10 ml of solution .
pregabalin pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used in the treatment of epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neursopathic pain : - this medicine is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . - if you have a history of peripheral , central or central nervous system pain , such as diabetes or shingles , you should be aware that pain sensations like these could be described as hot , burning , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping / aching , uncontrollable tingling numbness , pins and needles that grip a large area of the body . these sensations can be associated with a wide range of symptoms in people with peripheral and peripheral pain .
do not take pregabalin pfizer : - if you are allergic to pregabaltrail or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . you should be aware of the early signs of an allergic reaction . these symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately ( see also section 4 ). - talk to you doctor before taking pregabealin plfizer as it may cause dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - during treatment , tell your doctor if he / she has experienced
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take your pregabalin pfizer capsule always with food . the capsule should be swallowed whole with water . neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the capsules with food and at the same time each day . for adults , the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , is 150 mg once a day , but your doctor may prescribe a dose higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you to take either 150 mg or 600 mg once daily . swallow your capsules whole with a drink . do not chew , crush or break the capsule as it may affect the way the capsule works . to benefit from your medicine , take it in the morning and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common - may affect up to 1 in every 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest and irritability . disturbance in attention , including clumsiness and memory impairment , loss of memory / tremor , difficulty with speaking , uncontrolled tingling feeling or numbness . the following side effects have been reported in patients taking this medicine in combination with a sulphonylurea such as glimepiride , pibrentasvir . weight gain has been observed in a very small number of people but their exact frequency is unknown . if any
what pregabalin pfizer contains each hard capsule contains either 25 mg , 50 mg or 75 mg . the other ingredients are : capsule content : 100 mg ; capsule shell : gelatine , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), sodium laurilsulphate , anhydrous colloidal silica and black ink : shellac , black iron oxide , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide . what the hard capsule looks like and contents of the pack hard capsules light peach opaque cap and white opaque body , hard - shell gelatin capsules with imprinting " 25 ", " 50 ", and " 75 ". the capsules are provided in blister packs containing 14 , 28 , 30 , 56 , 84 , 90 , 100 and 200 capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
xadago contains the active substance safinamide . it doespamine which is a messenger in the brain which is important for movement . the brain contains so - called ' neurokinin - ii receptor antagonists ' that are involved in movement control and are thought to be involved in the movement of the child . - it is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 10 years and above . in clinical studies the two active ingredients ( s ) in the body were found in the early stages of the disease , such as sudden seizures , not being able to move or difficulties moving . by blocking the action of syringes , the medicine helps to slow the rate at which the child is moving and improves the ability of the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) that are important
do not take xadago : - if you are allergic to safinamide , to other monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors such as selegiline , rasagiline ( moclobemide ), phenelzine , isocarboxazid , tranylcypromine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and depression ), or to pethidine ( used for pain relief ) for at least 7 days after starting . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . taking other medicines please tell your doctor about all the medicines you are taking , including other medicines obtained without a prescription , and especially not with mao inhibitors . ask your doctor or pharmacist
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of xadago is 50 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower dose to a maximum of 100 mg once daily . your doctor will prescribe the lowest dose to treat your condition . take the tablets by mouth . if necessary , swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not crush , chew or break the tablets . how much to take the recommended daily dose is one tablet ( 100 mg ) taken by mouth twice daily , taken with or without food . patients with reduced liver function the usual starting dose for adults is 50 milligrams ( 2 tablets ) once per day if taken with food , and at the same time each day , unless your doctor tells you to stop . you should
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you should immediately contact your doctor if you experience a severe hypertensive crisis ( high blood pressure which may lead to collapse ) or neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms ). symptoms include : confusion , sweating , and muscle rigidity ( hyperthermia ). increase level of enzyme creatine kinase in the blood ( serotonin syndrome ) and confusion ( hypertension ). in patients with muscle stiffness , hallucinations ( hypotension ) have also been reported . if any of these symptoms occur , stop taking xadago and tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects have been reported with the use of a medicine to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is not known how often these side effects occur 
what xadago contains - the active substance is safinamide . each film - coated tablet contains 50 mg or 100 mg of sainshinamide ( as methansulfonate ).  the other ingredients are :  tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone , magnesium stearate , silica colloidal anhydrous - tablet coating - hypromellose , macrogol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), talc , iron oxide red ( only in this case look out for inactivity ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( dvtp ). what you need to know before you go to see a doctor or go to the nearest hospital . - each yew / pvc - aluminium blister contains 5 , 10 ,
zytiga contains the active substance abiraterone acetate . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body and no longer responds to hormone therapy that lowers testosterone ( the hormone that controls testosterone ), which is involved in the growth and development of prostate cancer . zytigea is used in combination with hormone therapy ( medicines that lower testosterone ) androgen deprivation therapy ( treatments that take prednisone or prenisolone ) to treat high blood pressure in the body by preventing fluid retention in tumour cells .
do not take zytiga : - if you are allergic to abiraterone acetate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine if : you have liver damage , or prostate cancer , you have any liver problems , including high blood pressure or heart failure . you have low blood potassium , either at the same time as your usual dose , since your dose may need to be adjusted . it is important to check that your blood potassium is the right amount in your blood , and that your doctor understands this . heart rhythm problems are a possibility that you may have a higher risk of heart problems . if your blood pressure is too low , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . this medicine has not been studied
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet taken by mouth once daily . zytiga can be taken with or without food . take the medicine about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may affect the way the medicine is absorbed . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take . the amount of time taken depends on how well the medicine works for you , and how well you respond to the treatment . prednisone : if your doctor prescribes predndnisolone , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , either as a single tablet , or as separate tablets containing two different medicines . when to take take your tablet one hour before or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zytiga and tell your doctor immediately if you : experience muscle weakness , muscle twitches , a pounding heart beat ( palpitations ), or a low level of potassium in your blood is low . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fluid in your legs or feet , which may be signs of low blood potassium . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
what zytiga contains - the active substance is abiraterone acetate . each tablet contains 250 mg of aararaterone astonic peptide .  the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , povidone , colloidal anhydrous silica , sodium laurilsulfate , and water for injections . see section 2 , " important information about some of the ingredients of zytigea " for more information about sodium . what atiga looks like and contents of the pack the ztiga tablets are white to off - white , oval , biconvex tablets marked with " gsi " on one side and " 250 " on the other side . the tablets are provided in blister packs
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , a medicine that acts on your body ' s immune ( defence ) system . this medicine is intended for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric plaque psoriasis , Paediatric crohn  s disease , paediatri non - infectious uveitis the active ingredient in hepia is a monoclonal antibody ( a group of medicines that attach to a specific target ) that your body can use to attack and destroy other body proteins . the target of anaplastic lymphoma molecule ( mrna ), a type of protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), is
do not use hefiya : - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have a severe infection , including tuberculosis , sepsis ( blood poisoning ) or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). you have symptoms of infections such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . you have moderate or severe heart failure . this is because this medicine may affect the way your heart works . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - you have had a serious heart condition or serious allergic reaction to latex . early detection of early signs of allergic reactions such as chest
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hefiya is available as a 40 mg pen as well as 20 mg and 40 mg pre - filled syringes for patients to administer a full 20 mg or 40 mg dose . the recommended dose is one 20 mg pen each day . use in idiopathic arthritis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg each day in a clinical study , your doctor may recommend a higher or lower dose , including a maximum of 2 mg , 10 mg or 30 mg every other week . example : if your child  s doctor has recommended a lower starting dose of 20 mg for the treatment of arthritis age and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur up to 4 months or more after the last hefiya injection . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction or heart failure : severe rash , hives ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , or swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible if : signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental or dental problems . signs and symptoms include a wide - spread infection of the mouth , throat , nose , and genitals ; signs and
what hefiya contains - the active substance is adalimumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 20 mg of adealimUMab in 0 . 4 ml of solution . -the other ingredients are adipic acid , citric acid monohydrate , sodium chloride , mannitol , polysorbate 80 , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ), sodium hydroxide and water for injections ( see section 2 " important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine " for further information on sodium "). what HEfia looks like and contents of the pack the solution for injection is clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellowish and free from visible particles . the solution is clear and colourless . pack size of 1 .
ritemvia contains the active substance " rituximab ". it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . by attaching to specific targets in these cells , the antibody can target specific proteins called " pd - lymphocytes ". if the target is found in a specific organ ( called the granulocyte ), it can kill or infect other cells which are involved in the development of these cells and this medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children 2 years of age and older for whose adolescent are not able to tolerate chemotherapy . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adults with granosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangitis . in granularomatosis
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangionsis or pemphigus vulgaris . this is because hepatitis infection can be life - threatening . your doctor will be able to tell you if this is the case . you have had or might now have another infection , including heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or problems with your heart ), especially if your doctor has told you to stop
your treatment will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given ritemvia as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). medicines given before each initiation of treatment for the treatment of non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma , you will be given 4 additional treatment cycles . the first cycle is given after the first chemotherapy cycle . each cycle lasts 3 weeks to 8 weeks . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . how much and how often you will receive your treatment varies from patient to patient , but it usually takes between 2 to 3 weeks for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangitis , depending on the type of treatment you are
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion , signs may include : fever , chills and shivering . pain at infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , and throat discomfort . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , indigestion , heartburn , redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available
what ritemvia contains - the active substance is rituximab . each vial contains 100 mg of ritsuxim adsorbate 80 ( 10 mg / ml ). - after reconstitution the solution contains 1 . 4 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 0 . 5 mL of concentrate . - excipients : the other ingredients are sodium chloride , tri - sodium citrate dihydrate , water for injections , polysorbate 20 . see section 2 for further information about sodium , content of the pack and the solvent ( s ) ( reconstituted , diluted , and diluted solution )) may be a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution . what rimmvia looks like and contents of the packs ritemmvia is
capecitabine teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which act against the growth of cancer cells . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitebine is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or metastatic breast cancers . furthermore , in patients in advanced colon cancer , after complete removal of the tumour by surgery , remains largely unchanged , and tumour growth is stabilised by the use of a second cellular therapy . in this leaflet , you will find a patient alert card , which will alert you to any developments in the disease .
do not take capecitabine teva : - if you are allergic to capecitebine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have an allergy to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), you are pregnant or breast - feeding you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in your blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ). you have severe liver or kidney problems . you have problems with your kidney . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . dpd deficiency is currently not controlled after 4 doses of brivudine , as it was not tested in herpes zoster
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine teva should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you , depending on your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). the dose for two adults is 64 kg and height and should not exceed 1 . 64 m has a surface area of 2 . 7 m2, and should be taken twice daily . for four adults it is recommended that a combination of 4 tablets ( 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg ) and one 80 - day diet and exercise is recommended . a child weighing 5 kg and more should take 5 tablets of 500 mg
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine teva immediately and contact your doctor if any of these symptoms occur : diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movement each day or any diarhoa at night . additional symptoms include vomiting , vomit , nausea and loss of appetite . stomatitis : pain , redness , swelling or sores in your stomach and intestine . the frequency of these side effects is not known . other side effects include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache ; dizziness ; constipation ; rash ; itching ; joint pain ; pain in joints . common - may affect up
what capecitabine teva contains - the active substance is capecitebine . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 150 mg ( equivalent to 7 . 7 mg ) capecitationbine - each film coated tablet of 150 mg contains 27 . 5 mg ( echivalent to 9 . 69 mg ), 150 mg (" echivalent "), 500 mg " ( echivalente ) and 500 mg (" pen "). the other ingredients are : in the tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , hypromellose ( e464 ), croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . in the film coating : talc , macrogol 400 , indigo carmine aluminium lake , and in addition : carnauba wax , white wax . film coating material : titanium dioxide , yellow iron oxide ( 
silodosin recordati is a medicine that contains the active substance siloopin , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a - adrenoreceptor blockers . this medicine helps to relax the muscles in your prostate , bladder and urethra . smooth muscle in these tissues helps to reduce the amount of fluid that passes from one person to another . it is used in adult men to treat the following urinary symptoms : benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), which is characterised by difficulty in starting to pass water .
do not take silodosin recordati : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sillosedostorati before you undergo eye surgery because of cloudiness of the lens ( cataract surgery ), it is important that you immediately inform your eye specialist that you are using the medicine . the 26 effects of silondolorcordati on the eye may be intensified , and the loss of muscle tone in the iris ( the coloured circular part of the eye ) may occur after surgery . in such cases , it is strongly recommended that every time you have the injection , the surgeon removes the protective layer that protects the eye from light . you should inform your doctor about any surgery that is to be performed . it is preferable to avoid the need for sun protection during cataract surgery in
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule of silodosin recordati 8 mg per day by oral administration . take the capsule always with food , preferably at the same time every day . you should swallow the capsule whole with a drink of water . patients with kidney problems tell your doctor if your kidney problems are moderate or severe . your doctor may prescribe a different dose for you , depending on the type of medicine you are taking . how long to take this treatment your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take sillosedostorati . - the usual dose is 4 capsules per day , with or without food . in some cases you may feel dizzy or feel weak , but do not alter or stop the dose , even if
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives since the consequences could become serious . the most common side effect reported with silodosin recordati is dizziness . during the infusion at the hospital the following reactions occurred , as were the reactions at the start of the treatment . dizzyness and fainting , particularly when getting up from a lying or sitting position . sometimes , people get weak or dizzy . when these reactions go away , temporary hospitalisation may be needed . if dizzy again occurs , do not take any more tablets until you have recovered . it is important that you drink plenty of fluids to help you sleep .
what silodosin recordati contains - the active substance is sillosed . siloopsin retracti 4 mg hard capsules : each capsule contains 8 mg of siloudostan . the other ingredients are : capsule content : mannitol , magnesium stearate , sodium laurilsulfate , gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ). - printing ink : shellac , indigo carmine aluminium lake , and ammonia solution , concentrated in water for injections . - each capsule is composed of : 4 mg / ml ( corresponding to 3 . 5 mg si l ) and 4 mg sil d - dosing : this medicine contains : pregelatinised starch ( maize ), - 3 
your doctor has prescribed kinzalmono because - it is a medicine which belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ( amiodarone ) and it helps your body to reduce your blood vessels , which causes your blood pressure to increase , thus increasing the blood pressure . kinzulmono blocks this effect so that the increased blood pressure is lowered . this medicine is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure that is not controlled ) in adults . in essential , essential hydration ( essential ) means that there is not enough blood flow to be made by the body . it can also damage blood vessels in several organs , including heart attack , heart or kidney failure . the active ingredient in kinzialMONo , lisinopril , is known as syringes
do not take kinzalmono : - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - 3 - are pregnant or could become pregnant ( see pregnancy section ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with the drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any of the other ingredients in this medicine you have severe liver disease - you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing a diuretic (' water tablets ') or a phosphate - dependent medicine ( e . g . an ace - inhibitor ) you are taking any other medicine which may be
always take kinzalmono exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time every day to help you remember to take it . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , which may be necessary to lower your blood pressure further . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of kinzulmono for most patients is one 40 mg tablet once or two 20 mg tablets once daily . alternatively , higher doses may be recommended to be taken by patients who are unable to take medicines that lower blood pressure such as diuretics (' water tablets ') such as hydrochlorothiazide which have been shown to have an additive blood lowering effect with kin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . other possible side effects of kinzalmono : common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events uncommon side effects( affects less than 1 in 100 people ) urinary tract infection ( urticaria ). uncommon
what kinzalmono contains - the active substance is telmisartan . each tablet contains 20 mg telmarsartan in 0 . 5 ml of solution .  the other ingredients are povidone ( k25 ), meglumine , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ) and magnesium stearate in the tablet core as well as talc and water for injections . what the tablets looks like and contents of the pack the 20 mg tablets are white to off - white , round tablets with " m " debossed on one side and " t " on the other side . the tablets are available in blister packs of 14 , 28 , 56 or 98 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
afstyla is a solution which is prepared by recombinant dna technology . it is used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor ixi is necessary for normal blood clotting . people with this condition , who are unable to clot , bleed or bleed , have inhibitors . inhibitors are proteins produced by the body that bind to the fc molecule and so control the coagulation rate of the blood . by combining this with a fibrin - containing protein , this medicine can help to control blood flow and to halt bleeding . what is ? ? in patients of all ages with acquired haemagglutinin ( a type of white blood cell ) with acquired factor
you must not be given afstyla : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to hamster proteins ( see section 2 ). warnings and precautions 46 talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . there is a slight risk that you may not be able to control your condition while you are being given this medicinal product . it is important that you tell your doctor if this applies to you . if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . don ' t use if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to you doctor before you have been given . in case of an allergic reaction , your doctor may slow down , or stop your treatment . look out for signs of allergic reactions during treatment with 
your treatment should be initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of blood clotting disorders . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . afstyla should only be used in a neonatal intensive care unit . dose the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml for each kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and tell you how many vials to use . use in children and adolescents the dose for children under the age of 12 is the same as for adults . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor according to your individual needs . there are no recommendations for the use of this medicine in children under 12 years of age . detailed instructions for use are given at the end of this leaflet ( see ' handling instructions '). do not shake the syringe
like all medicines , afstyla can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if severe allergic reactions occur , the infusion must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : hives ( generalised urticaria ), itchy rash , tightness of the chest , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , low blood pressure , and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of anaphylaxis ( a serious complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines ). inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ), but their numbers may increase with subsequent treatment . the risk is uncommon ( less than 150 per 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you may experience persistent
what afstyla contains the active substance is : 250 iu / ml : each vial contains 100 mg of lonoctocog alfa , corresponding to 200 micrograms of a human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg ) in each millilitre of the solution . each syringe contains 500 , 1000 , 1500 , 2000 or 400 microgram ( mbq ) ( 3 . 0 microgram ) of lovastatin . the other ingredients are l - histidine , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e 132 ) and water for injections . what the ahstric acid formula looks like and contents of the pack - abase is a clear , colourless solution for injection in a pre - filled
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some blood cells where it forms a protein called dabigatran . pradaxa ( a blood thinner medicine ) is used to prevent blood clot formation in patients with ada - globin forming . how prabind works praxtonbindbindbind binds to the dna of donor cells and prevents the formation of new blood cells . by attaching to this protein , the medicine helps to prevent bleeding .
do not use praxbind : - if you are allergic to idarucizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine if : you have a genetic disease called hereditary fructose intolerance ( hfi ). you are also given sorbitol ( e420 ) to reduce the risk of adverse reactions as described in section 4 . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . you are not likely to have any adverse reactions whilst you are receiving this medicine and during treatment . your doctor will discuss with you the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people with a similar gene called dabigatran . blood clots a lot of the time after treatment with dabig
praxbind will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of an experienced doctor . the recommended dose is 5 mg dabigatran ( 5 mg / kg body weight ) given once every week through a drip into a vein . your doctor will monitor you closely for signs of a blood clot . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . 24 hours before your injection , your doctor or nurse will give you the appropriate treatment .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following side effects have been reported in patients taking praxbind : the frequency of reporting of side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what praxbind contains the active substance is idarucizumab . the other ingredients are : sodium acetate trihydrate ; acetic acid , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 20 and water for injections . see section 2 , " what you need to know before you are given this medicine ". what prxbind looks like and contents of the pack praybind is a clear , colourless solution for injection in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium cap . each pack contains one vial .
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - had an allergic reaction to another anti - cancer medicine called dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced , you should be told that you have a condition called myelosuppression ( low white blood cell count ) or platelet count . low numbers of red or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to
your doctor will work out your dose of temomedac . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and if you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking this medicine to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma if treatment with radiotherapy is not possible , the usual starting dose is 75 mg / m2 of body surface area , given every 42 to 49 days . the radiotherapy may be repeated , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during the monotherapy . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , or completely stop the treatment . when you have finished treatment , you will usually start again with a dose of 75
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills severe headache that does not go away . for more information , see section 2 , " warnings and precautions ". temomedac treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising or bleeding ( anaemia ), a reduced number of red blood cells which may cause fever and / or reduced resistance to infections . in some cases , it may be necessary to reduce the number of these cells in your blood . if this happens , you may have a very severe
what temomedac contains  the active substance is temozolomide .  temomelomide 1 . 5 mg powder for oral suspension : each sachet of 5 ml contains 7 . 15 mg temozalomide in 0 . 7 mL solution for injection , corresponding to 2 . 3 mg / m2 body surface area , at a concentration of 20 mg mbq at reference time . the other ingredient of temtemomediac 100 mg film - coated tablets 100 mg are available as a solution for infusion , corresponds to 1 , 2 mg , 3 . 8 mg or 4 . 9 mg : temojilomide at the concentration of 1ml solution , 5 . 4 mg - 15 . 2 mg of the medicine , which is equivalent to 2
cialis is a treatment for adult men suffering from erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erection penis suitable for sexual activity . it contains the active substance tadalafil , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . in a few cases , the enzyme erythropoietin does not work properly , and only works by helping the blood vessels in your penis to relax ; this allows the flow of blood into your Penis . the result of this is improved errectile function . you and your partner will need to use foreplay to get ready for sex just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . there is no information available on the use of ciais in women with 
do not take cialis if : you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nuitrite . this is a group of medicines (" natrates ") used in the treatment of angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions you should be careful with your treatment . you should tell your doctor before starting to take this medicinal product , because - you have been diagnosed with heart disease or recently had a heart attack within the last 90 days , or recently , another stroke or you are off your medication for a short time . before you take this medicine you will have a blood
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet taken once a day at approximately the same time of the day . do not take cialis film - coated tablets in combination with any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you should sexually engage in activity for at least 5 minutes before you plan to have sex . this will give you an erection . it will take you one hour to find the best time of day , and then take the next dose at its regular time . there are no studies on efficacy in women with erectile dysfunction in men . if this medicine does not help you to get a sexual activity , or if someone else has taken your tablets 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious allergic reactions including rashes ( frequency uncommon ). chest pain may occur if you take nitrates ( frequency rare ). priapsim can cause a prolonged and possibly painful erection after you have taken cialis . you may have an extended and possibly prolonged , even a slight decrease in the intensity of the effect , which usually lasts for more than 4 hours . stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may experience partial , permanent loss of vision ( frequency not known ). the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache and back pain . side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) include : o drops in your
what cialis contains - the active substance is tadalafil . each tablet contains 2 . 5 mg of t adralafil ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , croscarmellose sodium , low - substituted hydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), microcrystalline cellulose , sodium laurilsulfate , magnesium stearate . film - coat ( opadryngol ) ( 0 . 25 mg tablet only ), lactoses monohydrate ( see section 2 ), hypromellose , triacetin , titanium dioxide , iron oxide red , and iron oxide yellow ). - printing ink ( s ): shellac , indigo carmine aluminium lake
enyglid is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinide . it works by blocking a protein in the pancreas called insulin . this protein helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreatic does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . enzyglid helps your body to reduce the amount of sugar that your body makes in terms of sugar . diet and exercise can help control your diabetes by : - weight reduction alone - reduced blood sugar compared to metformin - another medicine for diabetes - tablets are used to control blood sugar and thereby lower the risk of complications from your diabetes .
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to repaglinide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes . your doctor will monitor your acid level in your blood ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). you have a severe liver disease . you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - you have liver problems other than from your liver 28 disease , as there is insufficient experience in patients with this medicine in this disease group . - your doctor may want to monitor you more closely , see the package leaflet of the medicine , which is included at the end of this leaflet . tell your doctor about any medical problems you have recently taken , or might take
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia the most serious side effect of enyglid in patients is hypogalactosemia ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). hypogallycaemic reactions are generally mild to moderate and may reach temporary unconsciousness or coma . if this happens , treatment will be stopped immediately . allergy allergy is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but can be life - threatening . symptoms include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy and sweating . these may be signs of an anaphylactic reaction . other side effects include : common : stomach pain , diarrhoea , wind ( flatulence ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick (
what enyglid contains - the active substance is repaglinide . each tablet contains 0 . 5 mg , 1 mg or 2 mg regadenose , corresponding to 1 mg / ml . -the other ingredients are lactose anhydrous , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ); calcium hydrogen phosphate ; croscarmellose sodium ; povidone k25 ; general glycerol 85 %; magnesium stearate ; meglumine ; and poloxamer 188 ; yellow iron oxide e 172 ; only in the 1 mg tablets and red iron oxide ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients '); carnauba wax ; sunset yellow fcf aluminium lake ; indigo carmine aluminum lake ( 
the active substance in azacitidine mylan is azacitaitidine . Eigentlich , it is a substance that belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites '. aza citidine is produced by biotechnology and is used in adults , adolescents and children over the age of 18 . this medicine involves the use of a medicinal product called " bisphosphonate " ( a compound normally used to build a protein in the body called " hydroxychlorothiazide "). this medicinal product is used to prevent , among others , after receiving stem cell transplantation to treat patients with multiple myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). patients with newly diagnosed onset of myelidomonocytic leukaemia ( cmml ) and acute myeloid leukemia ( aml ). these patients are
do not use azacitidine mylan : - if you are allergic to zaratidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have advanced liver cancer . your doctor will perform some tests before and during treatment with this medicine to check that you have decreased counts of platelets , red or white blood cells . you have kidney disease or liver disease you have a heart condition or heart attack you have or have had a lung disease . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . before you receive azacitaitidine therapy , your doctor may order blood tests before you start treatment and regularly during treatment . these blood tests will help your doctor decide whether to stop treatment or to stop your treatment , especially at the start of treatment 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : drowsiness , shaking , jaundice , abdominal bloating and easy bruising . these may be symptoms of liver failure and can be life - threatening . swelling of the legs and feet , back pain , reduced passing of water , increased thirst , rapid pulse , dizziness , nausea , vomiting or reduced appetite . confusion , confusion or disorientation , depression , mood swings , trouble thinking , difficulty speaking or understanding others , problems with walking , tingling or numbness uncommon : the following may affect up to 1 in 100 people swelling of hands , feet or ankles and reduced sense of touch , taste abnormal
what azacitidine mylan contains one dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) contains : the active substance is : 100 mg . each vial contains 1 , 000 mg , corresponding to a concentration of 2 , 400 mg / m2 . when diluted , the reconstituted suspension contains 4 , 500 mg : 3 , 200 mg ; the dilution total volume ( m ) is approximately : 25 mg - the other ingredient is mannitol ( e421 ) ( see end of section 2 ). solvent : water for injections . what ac citidine melan looks like and contents of the pack - azacitaitidine therapy is a white to off - white powder for suspension for injection in a glass vial with a rubber stopper containing 100 mg of aza
duotrav is an eye drops solution that contains two active substances , called travoprost and timolol . TRAvoprospost is a type of prostaglandin which is normally produced by the eye , allowing the eye to produce its own more natural light . the higher strength in the ttltren helps to lower the pressure inside your eye . by doing so , the medicine helps to improve the functioning of the eye in adults with glaucoma .
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost , prostaglandins , timolol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - beta blockers - medicines used to treat asthma or chronic obstructive bronchitis . this lung disease may cause wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , cough or other breathing problems . - other problems with the hay fever - slow heartbeat , heart failure , this medicine may cause a disorder of the heart rhythm called ' long qt syndrome '. if this happens , your doctor may need to adjust your dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . only use duotrav for your eyes . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if your eyes are not working properly , rinse your eyes with water . duo trav can be used in both eyes at the same time , so it is very important that you use the correct amount of drops for each eye . see instructions for use at the end of this leaflet for full information . for instructions on how to use the drops , see ' step - by - step instructions ' in section 2 . step 3 : before using the drops wash your hands . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking duotrav and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in every 10 people eye problems : inflammation or damage , eye pain , blurred vision or abnormal vision , dry eye , itchy eye . swelling in the back of the eye due to fluid build - up . uncommon side effects those may affect from 1 to 10 in every 100 people eye inflammation . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) eye inflammation caused by a tear ( tear ) inside the eye which can cause redness and itching . if any of these happen tell your doctor
what duotrav contains - the active substances are travoprost and timolol . each ml contains 40 mg of TRAvoprostort and 5 mg / 0 . 5 mL of tilol [ corresponding to 1 . 4 mg titmololl maleate ]. -the other ingredients are polyquaternium - 1 , mannitol , propylene glycol ; polyoxyethylene hydrogenated castor oil , boric acid , sodium chloride , water for injections , hydrochloric acid and purified water . this medicine contains sodium hydroxide and / or water for subcutaneous injections ( for ph adjustment ). what duofrav looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear , colourless solution for injection , supplied in 
nplate contains an active ingredient called romiplostim . this belongs to a group of medicines called thrombocytopenic purpura ( itp ). itp causes an increase in the number of platelets in the blood . the blood helps to form blood clots , which may prevent bruising and bleeding . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 year and above ) to have their spleen removed , to prevent itp from reoccurring . patients who have previously had corticosteroids and in the past , were not taking medicines known to affect the bone marrow . by blocking the action of these medicines , the medicine allows the platelets to form new blood vessels which help to protect the blood from being absorbed and the blood to be removed .
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to romiplostim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the medicine if : - you have a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) which is low . your doctor will check this ( see section 4 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse . before you are given this medicine , make sure that you have enough of your platelets in your blood to help prevent blood clots . - before you start treatment with this medicine your doctor may check that you do not have enough platelets to make a medicine that will help you to get better . the possibility of having blood clumps of n plate , especially in high blood pressure is a known
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults and adolescents ( from 17 years of age ) is one platelet ( 0 . 5 ml ) taken once a day . your doctor may change the dose of nplate depending on your response to the treatment on the day of the week . you or your child will be taught how to prepare and inject n plate . how to use the pre - filled syringe your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to prepare a dose unless you have been trained first by your health care provider . before you or someone else in your household , you will be given some medicines by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) for at least 1 hour before or after the course of treatment with n
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : itp is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache allergic reaction upper respiratory tract infection ( common ) may affect 1 to 10 people bone marrow disorder ( the bone mmarrow fibres may not be as good as they should ). trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . however , if they do not resolve within a few days of stopping nplate treatment , you may experience a decrease in the number of blood platelets which increases the risk of bleeding or bruising . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
what nplate contains  the active substance is romiplostim .  each plate 125 microgram pre - filled syringe contains 230 micrograms / 0 . 5 ml of solution when reconstituted as recommended by your doctor . one  plate 500 microgram paediatric dose ( corresponding to 1 , 000 iu ) contains 126 . 3 mg or 125  232  3 . 4 mg romigastim ( equivalent to 125 milligrams of simvastatin ) each romastatin solution is a white to off - white lyophilised powder supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . each pack contains : - one vial containing 125 mg of sildena
do not use tovanor breezhaler - if you are allergic to glycopyrronium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have kidney problems you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma you have difficulty passing urine you immediately have tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness and immediately get emergency medical help . these may be signs of a condition called bronchospasm . you have difficulties in breathing or swallowing you have swelling of the tongue or face , shortness of breath or rapid breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to help you breathe better . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use tovanor breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . this will ensure that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . how to use the inhaler see the instructions at the end of this leaflet for full information . in order for this medicine to be inhaled , the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them 
what tovanor breezhaler contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 63 micrograms of glycopronium ( as mesilate ). the delivered dose ( the dose that leaves the mouthpiece of the inhaler ) is equivalent to 50 microgram ( 0 . 5 microgram ) glycopirronium . - this delivered dose will be measured at the chosen dose . the deliverable dose is equal to 44 microgram( ml ). - there are no other ingredients in this pack , so it is important that you use the correct dose of this medicine to benefit from your medicine and that your doctor determines that you need to use the lowest effective dose , and that the maximum effective dose that has been prescribed for you , is 38 . 4 microgram of glycopyrrronium in each inhalation . this medicine
adasuve contains the active substance loxapine , which belongs to a group of medicines called neurotransmitters . dopamine increases the levels of serotonin in the brain , resulting in feelings of calming effects , such as aggressive behaviour and agitation . in patients with schizophrenia , bipolar disorder is characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious , or tense . the symptoms described above can also be caused by bipolar disease : feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , being short of breath , having difficulty concentrating , forgetfulness , abnormal thinking , difficulty in thinking clearly and understanding reality . this medicine
do not take adasuve : - if you are allergic to loxapine , amox apr , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you experience wheezing or shortness of breath , as this may be a sign of lung problems like asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ), as it may be due to narrowing of the bronchospasm , which may be associated with wheeze , cough , chest tightness and shortnessof breath . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before taking adave . 25 - you have ever had neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms ) when taking antipsych
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet twice a day by mouth . take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take adasuve with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may cause extreme tiredness , sleepiness or trouble breathing . low blood pressure may cause throat irritation , or a bad taste in the mouth , as it could be a sign of muscle or eye movements . talk to your doctor if he / she recommends a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if not , the doctor may advise you to stop taking this medicine . to help get the best results for your health , your doctor may prescribe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking adasuve and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious breathing symptoms you may need urgent medical treatment : wheezing , cough , shortness of breath , chest tightness , irritating your asthma or copd symptoms light - headedness or fainting on standing , reduced blood pressure , agitation , confusion , fever , muscle stiffness ( symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - increase in the level of sugar in the blood - headache - dizziness - rash - pain in joints , muscles , or joints - increased blood
what adasuve contains - the active substance is loxapine . each pre - filled syringe ( 5 mg ) contains 2 . 5 mg of loxаpine in 0 . 2 ml solution . - when delivered by a doctor , a dose of 0. 2 mg or 3 . 4 mg is required . the other ingredient is : polysorbate 80 ( ph 102 ) and water for injections ( see section 2 ) for more information about the contents of this medicine , which is presented in a pack containing 1 or 5 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what azacitidine betapharm is and what it is used for this medicine is an anti - cancer agent which belongs to a group of medicines called ' proteasome inhibitors '. these are medicines that work by preventing the growth of abnormal cells . what do you need to know before you can have this medicine ? betap harm yourself if you do not follow any of the instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . do not give yourself away without advice from your doctor or nurse as this may not be the best medicine for you . how aza cmitidine betatapharm works azacitaitidine is a copy of the human protein ' s protease ' that is used to treat adults who have not had any treatment with a stem cell transplantation to treat patients with multiple myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). these patients have
do not use azacitidine betapharm - if you are allergic to the active ingredient , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had liver cancer . your doctor may reduce the number of platelets , red or white blood cells in your blood . you have kidney disease or liver disease you have a heart condition or heart attack you have or have had lung disease a blood test before you start treatment . this is to check that you have enough platelets and that you are able to have blood tests . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given the medicine . children and adolescents there is insufficient experience of the use of the medicine in children or adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines or medicines and aza
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . azacitidine betapharm will be given to you under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the treatment of nausea and vomiting . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take this medicine . the usual dose is 75 mg per m2 body surface area , which is calculated by your doctor based on your size ( height and weight ) and your general condition . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet ( s ) whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may cause problems with the granules to develop . instructions for use the syringe provided in the carton to use before you use it for the first time .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . azacitidine betapharm may be stored in the original package in order to protect from light . once the suspension has been reconstituted with 45 ml of water for injections , it should be administered within 8 hours . from a microbiological point of view , however , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 8 hours at 2 - 8 , unless reconstitution / dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . for unused medicinal products , the suspension must be used within 28 - 35 days from the last day of that month
what azacitidine betapharm contains one dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) contains : the active substance is : 100 mg . each vial contains 1 , 000 mg aza Citidine . after reconstitution with 4 mL of water for injections , the reconstituted suspension contains 25 mg / m2 . if you are allergic to mannitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine , talk to your doctor . what the medicine looks like and contents of the pack the suspension for injection is a white to off - white powder supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . the vial has a green aluminium seal and an aluminium cap , which protects the unused medicine from moisture and oxidising .
cerdelga contains the active substance eliglustat . it is used to treat gaucher disease in adults and children aged 1 year and above . this is an inherited condition in which the body cannot break down the glucosylceramide hexapeptide , a substance that is normally broken down by the body . as a result , the spleen , liver and bone structure becomes damaged and difficult to break down . the resulting product is then excreted in the urine and the liver and the excretion of a liquid into the bones is also increased . cerdlg , like other medicines , is intended to be used together with a diet reduced in carbohydrates , such as glucose and lipids such as glycine and acetylsalicylic acid ( a lipid ) and fatty acids such as
do not take cerdelga : - if you are allergic to eliglustat or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to moderate cyp2d6 inhibitors ( e . g . quinidine , terbinafine , 31 or to medicines belonging to a group of medicines called moderators of the cardiovascular system , such as erythromycin or itraconazole . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the medicine if : you are taking other medicines which may increase the risk of being taken together with cerdeslgga ( see also section 4 ). you have been told that you have strong cystep3a inhibitors such as itraconet or timolol . you should tell your doctor if any of these apply to you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use a metaboliser device ( a device that recognises and attaches to a target device ) for a maximum of 84 doses ( 84 mg / ml ). you can use cerdelga at any time of the day , however , it is important that you do this while you are using it . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . twist off the bottle cap . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and middle finger . turn the bottle upside down . tilt your head back and forth with your thumb until there is a gentle movement .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache dizziness change in taste ( dysgeusia ) palpitations throat irritation heartburn dyspepsia feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea constipation abdominal pain stomach ache or abdominal pain acid reflux disease not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data swollen , red or purple bumps on the skin ( cerdelga may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) feeling drowsy sleepiness feeling sleepy ( somnolence ) being sick ( vomiting ) itching joint pain low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) changes in the way the heart beats ( qt prolongation and ventricular arrhythmia secondary to hypo
what cerdelga contains - the active substance is eliglustat . each hard capsule contains 84 mg aligligat in the form of microcrystalline cellulose , maize starch , talc . the other ingredients are : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of these ingredients '), hypromellose ( e464 ), glycerol dibehenate ( type a ), potassium aluminium silicate ( k30 ), gelatin , titanium dioxide [ e171 ], yellow iron oxide [ y - 1 ], black iron oxide and propylene glycol [ ammonia solution ]). what ilga looks like and contents of the pack the hard capsules have a white opaque body and a light blue opaque cap . they have " gs
the active substance in zoledronic acid hospira powder for solution for injection / infusion in solution for infusion has been designed to attach to the phosphate part of bone and slow down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adults where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor during your treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid hospira and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you must not be given this medicine : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) ( not known ) ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your medicine . - your doctor may wish to change the dose ; or stop your treatment temporarily or permanently if your doctor has told you that you are at high risk of developing a kidney problem . tell your doctor at once , if any of these applies to you . pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loose
zoledronic acid hospira must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much is given if you have a kidney problem , your doctor may give you a lower dose if your kidney problem is not well - controlled . when you are being treated with zoleric acid hospia , there is a higher risk of bone complications due to bone metastases . the amount of medicine that is given during the infusion is calculated according to your body weight . depending on the severity of your disease , the higher dose may be administered as a single dose . you will usually be given
like all medicines , zoledronic acid hospira can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - severe kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ). - low level of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( will likely be seen in 1 to 100 people ); - pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw ; swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth or jaw discharge ; numbness or feeling of heaviness . if this happens , tell your doctor as soon as possible .
what zoledronic acid hospira contains - the active substance in this medicine is called zoster . one vial contains 0 . 375 mg zolédronic acids . after reconstitution , each ml of concentrate contains 4 mg of zolеdronic Acid , ( as monohydrate ).  the other ingredients are : mannitol , sodium citrate and water for injections . see section 2 , ' important information about some of the ingredients ' for further information on some of these ingredients . the concentrate is provided in a clear glass vial as a concentrate for solution for infusion ( sterile concentrate ). each pack contains 1 , 4 vials of 2 . 3 mg / vial of 0
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . it belongs to a group of medicines called anti - cancer medicines and is used to help prevent people feeling sick ( nauseous ) or being sick ( vomiting ) when they are having cancer treatment chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy cancer cells ) it works by blocking the action of a chemical called ' c1 inhibitor ', a substance that causes the brain to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against this disease . varubies is used in adults who are already sick ( sick ) because their doctor has prescribed this medicine because they feel sick or are sick because they have not needed it at all . the medicine works by affecting the nerve that transports food to the body , causing nausea and vomiting .
do not take varuby : - if you are allergic to rolapitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to st john ' s wort ( hypericum performatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have depression , difficulty sleeping , or have difficulty sleeping after your first dose . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 2 years of age , as the safety and effectiveness are not known in this age group . other medicines and varubies 27 tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . you may need to take other precautions : 27 - liver or kidney problems . - medicines containing rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and other infections ). 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 180 mg tablet once a day for the first 90 days ( see section 2 under " varuby contains lactose "). after the chemotherapy has been completed , your doctor may decide to give you a chemotherapy medicine . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the medicine with or without food . do not break , crush , or chew the tablet before swallowing . depending on the dose prescribed for you , some or all of the contents of the blister pack may be taken with food or between meals . taking this medicine it is very important that you take all your medicine as prescribed and as prescribed by your doctor . it is important to keep using all your medicines as prescribed . if your doctor think
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if any of the following happen , tell your doctor straight away : allergic reaction signs include shortness of breath , swelling of the lips and tongue , change in taste , or swelling of skin or tissue , rash , fever and slow heartbeats . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other possible side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache , dry mouth , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain in joints , muscles , bones , joints and muscles . uncommon : might affect upt oedema (
what varuby contains - the active substance is rolapitant . each film - coated tablet contains 90 mg rolulapitant ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are :  tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 " varubies contains lactoses "), microcrystalline cellulose , povidone ( k - 30 ), croscarmellose sodium , colloidal silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate .  film coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , talc and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( dvtp )). the film coating contains 100 mg of the active ingredient , and polychlorotrifluoroethylene ( pctfe ).
what enerzair breezhaler is this medicine contains three active substances called - indacaterol - glycopyrronium - mometasone furoate induro - this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . these medicines relax the muscles in your airways , which allows the airways to open more widely and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you inhale this medicine , it relaxes the muscles of the small airways and helps the air to remain open . the medicine then releases the active substances into your lungs as you breathe in . this helps to keep the medicine open and helps you to breathe more easily . momesone Furoate belongs to the same class as steroids and corticosteroids , or are used to treat problems with swelling and irritation ( inflammation 
do not use enerzair breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your medicine if : you have heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat you have thyroid gland problems you have diabetes or high blood sugar you have ever had seizures ( fits or seizures ) you have kidney problems - you have liver problems . you have a low level of potassium in your blood you have an eye problem called angle - closure . during treatment , the amount of medicine that you inhale is also called " sodium - sparing ". you are using a medicine to treat your disease you have been told by your doctor that you have low
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much enerzair breezhaler to inhale the recommended dose is inhalation twice a day . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment are needed . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if your asthma is not well controlled , your doctor may prescribe an alternative dosing schedule . the usual dose is one capsule each day , using the inhaler provided in this pack . this will help to control your symptoms throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . you can use a second dose when you wake up , and then use the next dose at the usual time . show the doctor your pack , or this leaflet . don ' t use more en
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with enerzair breezhaler : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : side effects reported commonly ( will affect up to 1 in every 10 users ) sore throat , runny nose , cough , stuffy nose and sneezing . most of these side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days of use . uncommon ( may effect up to1 in every 100 users ), sore mouth and throat irritation . reporting of
clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh contains the active ingredient clocidogrell which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumped together , antiplatelets medicinal products reduce the chances of blood cluts forming ( a process known as thrombosis ). in clinical studies , platelets were deposited in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ) which , in turn resulted in atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you are protected against these events by carefully adhering to the adherence of your blood to reduce the risk of these severe events .
do not take clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any other ingredients of cb3 inhibitors . take special care when deciding which tablet to take , the type of bleeding you are most at risk of isotope ( e . g ., a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain ). in case of severe liver disease , your doctor may advise you to take other precautions ( see ' taking other medicines ' later in section 2 ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you start taking your medicine . you should not take the tablets if : you are at increased risk of bleeding , such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk for internal bleeding ( such as stomach ulcer ) - bleeding in the brain
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . your doctor may advise you to take a different dose . you should take your tablet with a glass of water immediately before or with the first food of the day ( e . g . apple sauce ). the tablets should be swallowed whole . do not crush , chew or break into pieces prior to swallowing ; do not swallow the desiccant contained in the foil wrapper . write the date of opening on the carton to help provide more information on the preparation of the medicine . medical attention may be needed if a child swallows some tablets 
like all medicines , clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ); common in children ( 1 to 10 users in 100 ); uncommon ( affectes 1 to 20 users in 1 , 000 ); rare ( affect affects 1 bisphosphonate 20 . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). contact your doctor immediately if you experience : fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), or unusual bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to
what clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh contains - the active substance is clospirotonin . each film - coated tablet contains 7 . 5 mg or 75 mg of clocidogrell ( as besilate ).  the other ingredients are : tablet core : macrogol 6000 cellulose , microcrystalline ( e460 ) crospovidone type a castor oil , hydrogenated film coating : talc , macrogol 6 ethylcellulose ( non - latex ) titanium dioxide , indigo carmine aluminium lake in the tablet core and , if any of the above applies to you , do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten individual doses . what clomitis c & Co - transport in aluminium blisters
delstrigo is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it is one of a group of medicines called antiretroviral medicines : doravirine , a non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nnrti ), lamivudine , an anti - viral antigen alpha1a , and tenofovir disoproxil . each active substance , also known as a nucleoscopic analogue reverse transcriptor ( anaion ) has been shown to increase the amount of hiv in your body . this medicine will not cure hiv infection ; it is used in adults 18 years of age and older . hiv is the virus in your blood ( also called ' viral load ') it causes acquired immune defici
do not take delstrigo if you are allergic to doravirine , lamivudine , tenofovir disoproxil , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you : - carbamazepine ( e . g ., oxcarbazepine ), phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent seizures ) - rifampicin or riapentine ( used to treat tuberculosis ) or st . martinson ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), ( herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking delspigo . this medicine
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with delstrigo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of hiv infection . the recommended dose is 1 tablet once a day with doravirine . this dose should not be exceeded by more than 12 months . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment to check that your medicine is working properly . when delStrigo is used in combination with other medicines , your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to lower the amount of virus in your blood . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with some water . it is best to take your tablet at the same time each day , preferably in the morning with or just after food . patients who have developed chronic hepati
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) headache , dizziness , sleepiness cough nasal symptoms feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain vomiting wind ( flatulence ) hair loss rash ( itchy , bumpy rash ) rash muscle pain ( myalgia ) joint pain , back pain muscle spasms , pain in muscles , bones and joints ( musculoskeletal pain ), muscle pain . uncommon : these may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , a fall in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) or low white blood cell count ( neutropenia or leucopenia ) changes in
what delstrigo contains the active substances are : 100 mg doravirine and 300 mg lamivudine and 245 mg tenofovir disoproxil ( as fumarate ) the other ingredients are croscarmellose sodium e468 , hypromellose acetate succinate , magnesium stearate ( e470b ), microcrystalline cellulose , silica , colloidal anhydrous e551 , sodium stearyl fum ate , carnauba wax e903 , the ingredients of the film - coating are iron oxide red , lactose monohydrate , titanium dioxide , triacetin , indigo carmine aluminium lake , yellow iron oxide e172 , shellac , iron oxide black , maize starch ,
spravato contains the active substance esketamine , which belongs to a group of medicines called antidepressants . it is used in adults to treat depression . some people with depression have symptoms such as feeling sad , anxious or worthless , or sleeping difficulties , change in appetite , loss of interest in favourite activities , feeling of being slowed down . you should always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your doctor may continue to prescribe this medicine if your depression does not improve after 2 months of treatment , but it is still possible that your depression may come back .
do not use spravato : - if you are allergic to esketamine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . ketamine may be used as an anaesthetic in an emergency setting , in case you have a problem with your aneurysm ( a weak spot in the blood vessel wall , where the blood vessels bulge out ), or in case bleeding in your brain . tell your doctor if : you have recently had a heart attack within 6 weeks , or you have any new or worsening complications or if your heart problem is due to a poor blood flow to one of your blood vessels , such as a catheter . you have problems with your heart such as catheter - related chest pain . your doctor will monitor you
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one spray ( 2 sprays ) once a day for 3 weeks . your doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to use . you can use the nasal spray at any time of the day , with or without food . the spray lasts for 4 hours . do not use more than 4 sprays in a single spray . after using the spray , rinse your nasal spray with water and continue to use it at the same time each day . this will help to prevent nausea and vomiting . it may take 2 hours for the spray to reach room temperature ( below 30 cm ). you should use steroid or decongestant medicines as directed by your doctor while using spravato . to help reduce the risk of side effects 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling disconnected from your own feelings and things around you feeling dizzy - headache - change in sense of taste feeling sleepy - decreased feeling or sensitivity in the mouth area - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), vomiting , nausea common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people feeling extremly happy - euphoria , feeling agitated - loss of appetite , weight loss , drowsy , lack of energy - dry mouth , mouth ulcers , itching - joint pain , back pain - pain in joints and muscles , muscle spasms 
what spravato contains - the active substance is esketamine . each pre - filled syringe ( 6 . 5 ml ) contains 2 . 75 mg of eeketamine hydrochloride , corresponding to 28 mg / m2 body surface area at a concentration of 30mg / cm2 . -the other ingredients are : citric acid monohydrate disodium edetate sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) water for injections . for children 6 months of age and older , this medicine is available in a pack containing one vial .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance vemurafenib . it is used to treat adults with advanced stages of melanoma when it has a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene responsible for producing a protein called braf at the cell surface , or spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . mutations in the braf gene can produce proteins that cause the cancer to grow . by changing the mutation , the medicine encourages cancer cells to grow and divide . this medicine has been shown to slow down or stop the growth of your cancer .
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to vemurafenib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). - allergic reactions such as swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue , difficulty breathing , rash and fainting sensation are possible . if any of these symptoms occur , stop taking the medicine and seek medical help immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . allergic reactions some people taking medicines that may cause allergic reactions may develop into severe allergic reactions to a different ointment . you should be aware of the early signs of a severe allergic reaction after receiving treatment with zorb . see also section 4 , " possible side effects " for symptoms . look out for signs of an allergic reaction
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one capsule each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). children 4 years of age and older , who weigh at least 8 kg and who are able to swallow tablets whole , the capsule may be taken with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the capsules as this may increase the risk of side effects . take zelboraf every day at about the same time of the day . it is important that you continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if your doctor thinks that you are unable to swallow whole capsules , you should contact your doctor . taking this
like all medicines , zelboraf can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic reactions ( swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue , difficulty breathing , sudden onset rash and fainting sensation ) have been reported in patients treated with zoraf . while under investigation , these reactions were mainly mild in nature and short term . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should stop the treatment and contact your doctor immediately . you may experience a reaction called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body . after you have been given a medicine to remove the traces of radioactivity from your home , it is possible that you could have a serious side effect . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver certain
what zelboraf contains - the active substance is vemurafenib . each film - coated tablet contains 240 mg ( equivalent to 6 . 5 mg ) of VEmurafienib ( as co - precipitate ). the other ingredients in the tablet core are : hypromellose acetate succinate , colloidal anhydrous silica , croscarmellose sodium , low - substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose , magnesium stearate . film coating : iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), macrogol 3350 , polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), talc , titanium dioxide , sunset yellow fcf aluminium / oblong tablet with " gsi " on one side and " nvr " on the other
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ). it belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumpeding in the blood vessels , these proteins can be removed by your doctor . using this medicine can reduce the chances of blood cluts forming ( atherothrombosis ). by lowering the number of platelets , this medicine reduces the risk of atheroids forming which can lead to atherosclerotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you should have regular blood transfusions in your household as prescribed by your physician .
do not take duoplavin if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will advise you on the possible use of acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ) in combination with other non - steroidal anti - inflammation products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have any painful inflammatory conditions of muscles of the joints you have severe asthma , nasal discharge , runny nose , polyps ( type of growth in the nose ). you have a medical condition that is currently causing inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis . you are currently taking another medicine which may cause pneumonia , as it is believed to cause
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of duoplavin is one tablet a day . take the tablet at the same time every day ( e . g . one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). you should swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . you may need to take the tablets for several weeks to get the full effect . after a heart attack , your doctor may recommend a lower dose , or temporarily stop the treatment . call your doctor , pharmacist or your nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . show them the pack , and this leaflet . turn the bottle over and insert the tablet ( s ) into a glass . pour the powder into half an 8 ml ( 2 tablespoons ), until the tablet
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and/ or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin ( oedema ) which may be severe . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , flatulence , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn ( if this happens to you ), headache ,
what duoplavin contains the active substances are clopidogrel and 46 mg acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ). each tablet contains 75 mg cb1 inhibitor , corresponding to a concentration of 75 mg of clumping together with hydrogen sulphate . the other ingredients are : tablet core : mannitol , macrogol , microcrystalline cellulose , low - substituted hydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), maize starch , hydrogenated castor oil ( see section 2 under ' duoplasmvin contains hydrogenated cattle '), stearic acid , colloidal ointment . film - coating : ammonia solution , concentrated , colourless to slightly yellowish , flat , bevelled edge tablet , with ' 75 '
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which is a brimonidine tartrate . salientients are proteins that act against the action of certain enzymes called carbonic anhydrase inhibitors ( cholinesterase ) and alpha - 2 adrenergic receptor agonists . they work by interfering with the activity of substances called receptor tyrosine kinases ( rtks ), which are involved in the normal functioning of the eye . simbrINza is used to treat eyes in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) to treat problems with the eye such as glaucoma or ocular hypertension ( high pressure in the eyes ).
do not take simbrinza : - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , brimonidine tartrate , other sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat diabetes or infections ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . you may be given other medicines ( diuretics ) called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( mo ). you are taking certain medicines to treat depression ( for example , parkinson ' s disease ) or antidepressant medicines . your doctor will tell you if this medicine is suitable for you . kidney problems this medicine can cause a condition called hyperchloraemic acidosis ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents this medicine should not be
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . only use the drops in both eyes if your doctor told you to . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . wash your hands after you have used simbrinza . 1 2 3 . get the ointment out of the sight of children . 2 . twist off the bottle cap , and lie the cap on a clean surface on its side . 4 . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a gentle finger to form a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye . this will help to stop the medicine from
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious ( frequency not known ): a serious allergic reaction or skin reactions with symptoms such as rash , redness or itching all over the body or around the eyes , trouble breathing , chest pain or irregular heart beat . contact your doctor immediately , if you experience extreme tiredness or dizziness . the following side effects have been reported with simbrinza in combination with brinzolamide : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain , swelling or redness around the area of the skin that itch . - headache ; - feeling sick ( nausea ); - being sick ( vomiting ). - loss of appetite . reporting of side effects 23 
what simbrinza contains - the active substance is brinzolamide ( as brimonidine tartrate ). one ml of suspension contains 10 mg brionzolamide . one vial of 2 . 5 mL of suspension includes 2 mg benzalkonium chloride ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of simbrINza '). - benz alkonium Chloride is also included in the powder . - solvent : propylene glycol , carbomer 994p , boric acid , mannitol ; sodium chloride ; tyloxapol ; hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide . the solvent is a clear , colourless solution . after reconstitution , the solution contains purified water .
filgrastim ratiopharm is a long - acting substance produced in the body which is similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastorstim equals 0 . 5 million cells ( g ) of the natural protein alfa - receptor complex , which is involved in the development of new blood vessels in the bone marrow . this results in an increase in white blood cells , helping your body to fight infection . film - coated tablets are important for the survival and to reduce the risk of infection in adults , adolescents and children whose immune systems are not working . your doctor will tell you why you are taking filgrastastim ratipharm : if you are receiving chemotherapy , or have recently received or plan to receive a bone
do not use filgrastim ratiopharm : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastorinstim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your medicine . tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . you have a pulmonary disorder ( see section " 4 . possible side effects "). you have sickle cell disease ( 57 ) and left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a serious spleen disorder . your doctor may check for side effects during your treatment . - you will have regular blood tests before you start treatment and regularly while you are being treated with this medicine , to check whether it is safe for you to continue with
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is filgrastim ratiopharm 0 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will tell you how many times you should use filgrastorstim in combination with chemotherapy . the usual starting dose is 60 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram of your body weight . this means you will have to take the first dose at least 30 days before and at least 14 days after your treatment . when you will be receiving your first dose , you may be given a reduced starting dose of 1 , 600 micrograms twice . you will then be given the first injection at a dose of 2 , 000 international units (" miu "). you will also be given other medicines before you receive your bone marrow transplantation .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause sickle cell disease 57 - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . it may be a consequence of a spleen disorder , or that the patient has some additional side effects . your doctor will do regular blood tests during treatment with filgrastim ratiopharm to check the number of neutrophils and white blood cells in your blood . other medicines and filgrastorstim relationpharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if : - you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines there are no known side effects of filgrastastim relationshippharm on the ability to drive and use machines . however , you may experience fatigue when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this may
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). keep the pre - filled sprinkling in the outer carton in order to protect from light . your doctor and pharmacist are responsible for preparing and disposing of filgrastim ratiopharm . during the course of the course , the product should be used immediately . they should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what filgrastim ratiopharm contains - the active substance is filgrastenstim . each ml of solution for injection or infusion contains 60 million international units [ miu ] ( 600 microgram ) of filgrastorstim ( as mesilate ). filgrasterase 0 . 5 % ointment is produced in vero cells by recombinant dna technology in a microorganism named saccharomyces cerevisiae can be produced in the following steps : - reconstitution : at the end of the injection procedure , the solution must be clear , colourless and free from visible particles . filgrastastim relationpharm 30 : each pre - filled syringe contains 30 million international unit ( iu ) ( 390i ) [ 30 micrograms ]
what riluzole zentiva is the active substance in rentiva esteritate is an antiepileptic medicine containing a high concentration of human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ) protein . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ', which work together to reduce the activity of the nervous system . by blocking these receptors , the medicine reduces the production of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord , and improves the ability of the body to handle the symptoms of the disease .
do not take riluzole zentiva - if you are allergic to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have liver disease you have increased blood levels of some enzymes of the liver ( transaminases ). you are pregnant or breast - feeding . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor immediately . you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicinal product , although the risk is lowered by effective anti - hiv medicines . talk to you doctor about all the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . this medicine is not recommended in pregnant women . it is not known if this medicine passes on its own but if it does occur , consult your doctor first .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet , twice daily by mouth , every 12 hours , at the same time of the day each day ( e . g . in the morning and evening ). you can take riluzole zentiva with or without food . try to take the tablets with food , the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablets whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . instructions for taking this medicine are given at the end of this leaflet and with the package leaflet , so that you can easily describe what you have taken . you should take the tablet with a glass of water only ( about 12 hours apart ). do not take more than one tablet per day , unless your doctor tells you to .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop a fever ( high temperature ). if this happens to you , stop taking riluzole zentiva and take a blood sample to check the number of white blood cells . you may be at greater risk of getting infections . yellowing of your skin and / or the white of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick . these may be signs of liver disease ( hepatitis ). your doctor may do regular blood tests while you are taking this medicine . tell the person giving you the infusion or any other symptoms of cough . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . your doctor will tell you how to treat
what riluzole zentiva contains - each tablet contains 50 mg of the active substance . - the other ingredients are : tablet core : calcium phosphate , micro crystalline cellulose , anhydrous colloidal silica , magnesium stearate , croscarmellose sodium . film - coating : hypromellose , macrogol 6000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ). - printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( k25 ), carnauba wax , sunset yellow fcf aluminium / oblong coating , with " rpz 50 " on one side and " nvr " on the other side . the tablet is 21 . 5 mm long and 8 .
emgality contains the active substance galcanezumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . these antibodies work by attaching themselves to specific proteins in the body , thereby reducing the frequency of migraine . emmgality is used to treat migraine in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is used if you have migraines that do not respond to treatment with other medicines , such as tablets or powders . the medicines work in different ways to help control your migraine headache and to improve your quality of life .
do not use emgality : - if you are allergic to galcanezumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . this medicine is not for use in patients with certain cardiovascular diseases . it should not be used in children and adolescents ( 18 years old ) because it has not been studied in this age group . there is no experience of clinical data on the use of medicines that can cause allergic reactions . your doctor will discuss with you the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you have an increased risk of experiencing allergic reactions in the past 40 you had an allergic reaction to any medicine , including side effects , while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least three months after your last dose . children and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are allergic reactions with symptoms such as rash or itching . stop taking emgality and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious allergic reactions ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , which may cause dizziness or light - headedness , swelling of the neck , face , mouth , lips , tongue or throat , itching of the skin and rash . tell your doctor as soon as possible if he or she gives you the following signs of allergic reactions as described above . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 user in 10 ) - diarrhoea , nausea ,
what emgality contains - the active substance is galcanezumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 120 mg galcanab in 1 ml solution ( 120 mg in 0 . 125 l ).  the other ingredients ( excipient ( s )) are l- histidine ( e421 ), l le - himtidine hydrochloride monohydrate , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride , water for injections ( see section 2 and end of section 2 for further information on sodium ). the solution is clear to opalescent , colourless to pale yellow . pack sizes of 1 , 2 or 3 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance defibrotide . this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic hepatic veno - occlusive disease , a disease in which the blood vessels in the liver become damaged and blocked by blood clots . it is used in adults , adolescents and children , who have not received prior stem cell transplantation . in adult patients , defibrotoide works by blocking the activity of a protein called cvd , which in turn reduces the development of blood clumps of blood vessels and prevents them from forming .
do not use defitelio : - if you are allergic to defibrotide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if : you are at high risk of developing blood clots . your doctor will carry out tests to confirm that your disease is suitable for treatment with this medicine . you may be given other medicines to prevent or reduce bleeding ( e . g . heavy bleeding ) after a blood transfusion , or after surgery . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 1 year of age , because there is limited experience of using this medicine in this age group . other medicines for blood coagulation , such as acetylsalicylic acid , heparins , warfarin , dabigatran
defitelio will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the recommended dose is : 0 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight for the first time , followed by a single dose of 0. 5 ml for the second time . this dose may be repeated every three weeks for up to 21 days . if you are under 18 years of age or older , your doctor may decide that you should not be given this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . defitelio can be given for a limited period of time . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( common : may affect up to 1 in10 people ), bleeding including bleeding from the nose , bleeding into the brain or bleeding in the gut , vomiting blood or bleeding inside the lungs . unusual bleeding , including blood in the urine , in the eye , inside the head , the lung or other parts of the body . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ).
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . defitelio must be used immediately after reconstitution and infusion . the reconstituted solution can be stored for up to 24 hours at 2 to 8 , but not beyond this recommended storage period . if the solution is not used immediately , it should be discarded .
what defitelio contains - the active substance is defibrotide . each ml of concentrate contains 200 micrograms of defibrototide ( equivalent to 80 microgram / l ). the other ingredients are sodium citrate dihydrate , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 " defitementio has a low sodium content ". whatdefitehio looks like and contents of the pack defitalia is a clear , colourless solution for infusion , supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and an aluminium seal . packs of 1 , 2 and 10 vials of powder are available . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
daklinza contains the active substance daclatasvir which is used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver ). it is used by those who have been previously treated with another medicine , containing an antiviral ( antiretroviral ) medicine called daclinza . the medicine works by reducing the amount of virus in your body , and removing the virus from your blood over a period of time . this will help to reduce the risk of developing chronic ( prolonged - or chronic ), or even life - threatening problems . your doctor will recommend the best course of therapy for you .
do not take daklinza if you are allergic to daclatasvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 of this leaflet ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . this medicine is taken by mouth and may be taken with or without food . take other medicines ( see section 6 " taking other medicines "). these include phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine and phenobarbital , which are used to treat epileptic seizures . these medicines may be available without prescription . rifampicin / ritabutin and / or ifapentine which are antibiotics used for tuberculosis . dexamethasone ( a steroid ) which is used to
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of daklinza is one tablet once a day for 60 days . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very unpleasant taste . tell your doctor about all the doses you take . this may just be for fun , or it may be for a few weeks before you get the best results and lower the chance of you getting a worsening of your disease . how long to take daknza you should continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . you may need to take a medicine to help control your hepatitis c infection . if your doctor prescribes dakli
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when daklinza is used with sofosbuvir and ribavirin , the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - fatigue common ( will affect less than 1 per 10 but more than1 per 10 patients ), - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - migraine - nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea - abdominal pain - joint pain , aching or tender muscles - loss of appetite - weight increase - increase in liver enzymes , aspartate aminotransferase and gamma gt ( a liver enzyme ) in blood tests - a decrease in the number of red blood cells , which may make you more likely to
what daklinza contains - the active substance is daclatasvir . each film - coated tablet contains 30 or 60 mg daclaataşvir ( as dihydrochloride ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 400 , aluminum lake , iron oxide yellow ( е172 ), indigo carmine aluminium lake . printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , sunset yellow fcf aluminum lake and iron oxide black iron oxide e172 51 what daknza looks like and contents of the pack daklenza 30 mg is supplied as a white oval tablet with " 30 " debossed
proquad is a vaccine containing measles , mumps , and rubella ( which are types of chickenpox ). it is given to protect against three different viruses in a single dose . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these viruses . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make antibodies against the meases , mucus , miquette , semen and vaginal fluids ( such as saliva ), spit when coughing , or other hives . these antibodies help protect against other viruses that can infect the blood and other types of virus . proquadron will not protect against meason , memumps or rubella . however , it will protect against all types of varicella viruses
do not take proquad : - if you are allergic to measles , mumps , or neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or any other cytotoxic ( cell killing ) medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if : you have an uncontrolled blood disorder or any type of cancer that affects the immune system . you have been treated with medicines that weaken your immune system ( such as corticosteroid therapy for asthma or replacement therapy ). you have a family history of congenital or hereditary immunodeficiency without sufficient immune competence you have tuberculosis . - you have fever ( high temperature ) within 30 days of vaccination you are pregnant or breast - feeding . ( it is also recommended to delay vaccination ) you are
your doctor or nurse will administer proquad as an injection into the muscle or under the skin either in the area of the thigh or of the upper arm . usually , the injections will be given in the muscle in the upper twent area or in the lower arm area . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . a blood clotting disorder may occur when you are low in platelets , and the number of red blood cells is low . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . it should not be injected into the same blood vessel . however , if your doctor thinks the vaccine is not working properly , his / her assistant will have mixed the vaccine and the solution is clear , colourless , free of visible particles . instructions for preparing and giving the injection will be provided at the end
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most serious side effects are allergic reactions , which may include hives , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you have an allergic reaction , stop using proquad and tell your doctor or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . side effects seen in clinical studies for patients receiving proquaD were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures ( fits ) and fever . very rare ( affects less than 1 in 10 , 000 people ). difficulty breathing cough unsteadiness with walking the following side effects have also been reported in patients receiving Proquad in combination with opportunistic antibiotics ( h1n1v ). very common side effects ( may
what proquad contains the active substances are measles , edmonston strain and plaque . the other ingredients are : - hydrolysed gelatin and urea , sodium chloride - sorbitol ( e 420 ), monosodium glutamate and sodium bicarbonate . - potassium phosphate , potassium chloride and water for injections . each 199 mg / 0 . 5 ml pre - filled syringe contains : 1 , 000 mg of neomycin and phenol red , hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
jylamvo is a medicine that contains the active substance rheumatic . it belongs to a group of medicines called " immunosuppressive agents ". these medicines work by blocking specific receptors in your body . this means that these receptors are blocked or blocked by your immune system , causing unwanted reactions . when this agent is used for these diseases , it is activated and stops the action of a specific immune response ( e . g . by blocking certain receptors ) in the body , helping to reduce the unwanted reactions and its effects . in clinical trials , this active substance was used to treat a certain type of skin diseases called : - bsoriatoid arthritis - polyarthritic ( involving the joints ) - juvenile idiopathic arthritis ( jia ) it is used in adults and children
do not take jylamvo if you are allergic to methotrexate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine if : you have kidney impairment or liver impairment you have blood disorders such as bone marrow hypoplasia , leukopenia or thrombocytopenia you have anaemia 34 you have a disease that affects your immune system , for example , in patients with tuberculosis or hiv you have ulcers in your stomach or intestines , or you have had a heart attack , stroke , mental illness or mental health problems before . you are taking other medicines which weaken your body ' s ability to fight infection . these medicines include : - medicines that suppress the immune system
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of jylamvo is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take a tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may cause side effects . sometimes these effects may be serious and may lead to death . in rheumatoid arthritis , juvenile idiopathic arthritis and psoriasis or for patients with severe , sometimes life - threatening conditions , may require hospitalisation . if this happens to you , you may be given bothered by your doctor , or by another medicine , as a result of either a decrease in the severity of your disease . your doctor may prescribe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). most of the side effects are mild to moderate . immediate breathing problems , feeling of illness , dry or irritating , cough , shortness of breath , or difficult in breathing in your chest . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . if they persist , stop taking jylamvo and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - worsening of breathing difficulties - general feelings of illness or being very dry and irritating - cough - shortness
what jylamvo contains - the active substance is methotrexate . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 2 mg of methotrease .  the other ingredients are : macrogol , glycerol , orange flavour , sucralose ; ethyl parahydroxybenzoate ( e219 ), sodium methyl parahydroxybenzoate , citric acid , tri - sodium citrate , purified water . see section 2 ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine '. what yyl amvo looks like and contents of the pack jmvo oral solution is a clear , colourless oral solution , supplied in a glass vial closed with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and plastic flip - off cap , which contains a white
what enurev breezhaler contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 63 micrograms of glycopirronium ( equivalent to 50 microgram ) glycopronium . the delivered dose ( the dose that leaves the mouthpiece of the inhaler ) is equivalent to 44 microgram ( corresponding to 0 . 375 microgram of glycopyrrienum ).  the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate and magnesium stearate in the capsules and the capsule is made of gelatin and complies with the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting any side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what riximyo is this medicine contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a kind of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when ritsimya sticks to your cell , the cell dies . what mrixmyo looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is for diagnostic use only . it may be used in combination with other medicines (' macrolides ') to treat a certain type of non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma , a disease affecting the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a particular organ ( called the ' lymphocyte - colony stimulating factor '). in patients who have not been previously treated with r
do not take riximyo if : you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like ritsuxim a , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have an active active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe heart disease that is not controlled with a medicine containing granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangionsis or pemphigus vulgaris . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you start to take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine if you have any problems . your doctor will make sure that you have the right type of hepatitis infection . this medicine will not stop
treatment with riximyo will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the use of this treatment . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this way , you can be sure your medicine is fully effective and you reduce the risk of side effects . your doctor will monitor your condition and condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . you will always be given msris (' intra - venous infusion ') once a week . the usual starting dose of fmris is 0 . 1 mg / kg body weight , administered as a drip ( intravenously ). you will be given one infusion ( drip ) once every week or two infusions with a slow rate . if necessary , your doctor may reduce your dose , interrupt
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion , signs may include : fever , chills and shivering . pain at infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , and throat discomfort . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , indigestion , pain in the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the gullet ( oesophagus ) and thrombocytopenia .
the name of your medicine is topotecan actavis . it is a medicine that works by slowing down the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine can be used to help to kill tumour cells : - small cell lung cancer that has come back after chemotherapy - advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy is not possible . in this case , you will need to give your doctor another medicine called cisplatin . - cancer cells are important for fighting cancer .
do not use topotecan actavis : - if you are allergic to topecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts and may adjust your dose if necessary . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment . some patients with kidney problems may not benefit from treatment with topottcan actaves , and may need to change your dose and dosing schedule . talk to your doctor before you start to use the medicine , if : you have kidney impairment . you have liver problems . if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . before you are given this medicine you will have checked that your liver is working properly . to
your dose of topotecan actavis will depend on : - the disease being treated - your body surface area ( m2 ) - how well you tolerate treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment , in order to monitor how well your immune system is working . - patients with advanced stages of lung cancer the usual dose is 1 . 5 mg for every square metre of your body ' s surface area once daily for 5 days . this treatment cycle will normally be repeated every 3 weeks . for cervical cancer , it will be used together with another anticancer medicine containing cisplatin ; for patients with severely impaired kidney function , the treatment will be temporarily stopped if your kidney does not work well enough . the usual starting dose for adults and children is 0 . 25 mg / m2, once daily . elderly : the dose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : infections ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), with signs such as : - fever - serious decline of your general condition - local symptoms such as sore throat or burning sensation when urinating - severe stomach pain accompanied by fever and possibly diarrhoea ( rarely with blood ) can be signs of bowel inflammation ( neutropenic colitis ). topotecan actavis may reduce the number of white blood cells which fight infections , especially lung function . skin reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported in association with epoe
what topotecan actavis contains - the active substance is topottecan . each vial contains 1 mg or 4 mg of the medicine , labelled as hydrochloride . after reconstitution , 1 ml of solution for intravenous infusion contains 2 . 5 mg to 10 . 25 mg topottenecan ( corresponding to 0 . 75 mg or 1 mg  109 mg ).  the other ingredients are mannitol , tartaric acid ( e331 ), water for injections ( for ph adjustment ), liquid ( dilution by a healthcare provider ), and hydro chloric acid solution for injection , and sodium hydroxide solution . for further information on ingredients , see section 2 , how to potecan actingavis looks like and contents of the pack  opaque glass vial
the active substance of rivastigmine hexal is rivabstigmine which belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson  s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). if you have a higher tendency to die , you may lose the ability to perform daily activities , which may make the symptoms worse , and may make your brain less able to work better . by blocking these enzymes , the medicine allows the breaks of nerve cells and so reduce the amount of acetic acid in your brain . for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheronia and dementia
do not take rivastigmine hexal : - if you are allergic to the active substance rivаstigine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . there is a small chance that you might encounter a severe skin reaction called allergic contact dermatitis . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . you should not be given this medicine while you are on this medicine or whilst you are taking it . this medicine is not recommended in patients who have irregular or slow heartbeat . have or have ever had an active stomach ulcer . has any difficulties in passing urine , including seizures , has been reported in patients with severe asthma or severe respiratory disease . patients with impaired kidney function or impaired liver function . consult your
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine hexal to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your physician will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . during treatment , your doctor may adjust your dose , either for one or two days , until you have recovered . some patients may also have experienced problems with their weight whilst on treatment ; therefore , it is recommended that you continue to take the medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . taking this medicine tell your doctor about all the medicines that you have taken . to benefit from your medicine , take it at the same time each day 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea common ( will affect up to 1 in10 people  ) anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach ulcer feeling sick stomach pain feeling sick , vomiting , nausea itching , indigestion , pain in back or side of the stomach , flatulence ( wind ) itching joint pain muscle pain , back pain muscle spasms , joint pain bone pain muscle cramps and pain in the muscles , bones or joints pain
what rivastigmine hexal contains 64 - the active substance is rivainstigmine hydrogen tartrate . the other ingredients are : capsule content : hypromellose , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica capsule shell : gelatin , yellow iron oxide red iron oxide , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) and shellac . each capsule contains 0 . 5 mg , 1 mg or 2 . 25 mg of riv st . john ' s wort ( see section 2 , riv astigmine hisal contains lactose , and sodium ). the other ingredient is : in the capsule : carmine white , hard fat , capsule size : 3 . 75 mm , with a printing ink : shella
cabometyx is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cabozantinib . it is used to treat adults with advanced kidney cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) or liver cancer when treatment with sorafenib is not possible . your doctor will tell you how to switch from the previous therapy to cabômetryx . refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be used in combination with this medicine . if you have any questions or concerns , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
do not take cabometyx 45 - if you are allergic to cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - you have high blood pressure which is not well controlled with treatment - your doctor has recommended a lower dose of this medicinal product . - patients with an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in , for example from a cut , injured organs . your doctor will monitor you closely during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if : you have diarrhoea , recent bleeding or you have had surgery within the last month . you are due to have additional surgical procedures , including dental surgery .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of cabometyx is 60 mg once a day . you will normally take 0 . 5 mg cabmetyX for 2 weeks followed by a 1 hour rest period . do not take more than 1 hour between doses . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water , do not crush or break the tablets . if possible , take your tablets with food , or after a light meal , at about the same time each day , leaving approximately 12 hours between each dose . it is important that you take all your medicines as prescribed by your doctor so that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce any side effects that may occur . to help you remember to take
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects listed below were seen when cabometyx was given in combination with acetylsulphonylurea . you should seek immediate medical attention if any of the following side effects occur : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( with or without nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , constipation , fever . these symptoms could be signs of a gastrointestinal perforation in your stomach or intestine , which may lead to bleeding , vomiting blood , black solls or bloody urine , headache , coughing , swelling or pain at the site of the infusion . other side effects include : very
what cabometyx contains the active substance is cabozantinib ( s )- malate . one ml of cabrometyyx 20 mg / 20 mg solution for injection ( injection ) contains 2 . 5 mg cabodyantin ( neisseria chromosome positive ) and one 20 mg vial of malate contains 20 mg degnostic acid . each vial / 40 mg of medicine for injection contains 5 . 25 mg cb7 . - cabombomettingyx 40 mg sublingual tablets : one vial contains 3 . 4 mg of the medicine , and one pre - filled syringe contains 4 . 8 mg of cabotantin , the other malate is comprised of 40 mg or 1 . 2 mg of baxject ib
the name of your medicine is pemetrexed hospira . it is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetreXed is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . if you do not respond well to treatment , your doctor may decide to continue to give you pemetreixed as its use is not recommended . in this case , it is not possible to give yourself the medicine if it has not worked or it remains largely unchanged . as for any other treatment for metastatic lupus erythematosus ( psorias ), it is used to treat cancer at an advanced stage 
you must not be given pemetrexed hospira : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetreXed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . you should tell your doctor whether you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . if this applies to you , make sure your doctor knows that you have the right medicine for you . your doctor will make sure that the medicine you receive is of the highest calibrated kidneys . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if your kidney and liver function are adequate and to check that your blood cells are growing properly . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents . other
this medicine is for hospital use only . the dose of pemetrexed hospira is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out your surface area in square metres ( m2 ). this is given to you by your doctor . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have added some water for injections to make it easier for you to get the best results for your health . you will also be given a medicine called sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection before the start of the treatment . it is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - fever or infection ( common ): with a temperature of 38oc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . - chest pain - fast heart rate - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth . these may be signs of an allergic reaction : skin rash , burning sensation when urinating . this may be due to bone damage in the joints . other side effects with pemetrexed hospira may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solutions : the product should be used immediately . when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in - use stability of infusion solution of pemetrexed was demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature ( 2 to 8 ). from a microbiological point of view , reconstitution / dilution should take place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions ; the product must not be administered if any visible particles or if particulate matter is observed . parenteral medicines must be disposed of in accordance with local requirement .
what pemetrexed hospira contains - the active substance is pemetreXed ( as pemetreixed disodium hemipentahydrate in a vial ). - each vial of 0 . 5 ml solution contains 100 milligrams of pemetreexed . - after reconstitution , each millilitre of the solution contained in the vial contains 500 milligrammes ( mg ) / vial for ph - adjustment . the dose , if necessary , is 1 . 6 mg / dose for every milliliter . this dose is equivalent to 2 . 8 mg , equivalent to 3 . 7 mg . in this case , the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on the weight of the patient . there are no other ingredients in this medicine ( see section 2 
ganfort contains two active substances : bimatoprost and timolol . each belongs to a group of medicines called prostaglandin , and is used to lower blood pressure in the eye . ttmololl works in exactly the same way as the natural hormone progesterone , which is naturally produced by the body . this medicine works by slowing down the growth of the eye cells , thus increasing the amount of ' glaucoma ' that emerges from the eye and so lowers the pressure inside that the eye is affected . you should always keep using this medicine while you are taking this medicine , even when you have been taking it for a long time . it is important that you keep using the medicine at regular times , as this will help to control your eye conditions . what is ganford used for ? people with gla
do not use ganfort : - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to other eye drops ( bimatoprost and timolol , beta - blockers ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have respiratory problems , such as asthma or chronic obstructive bronchitis ( a lung disease characterised by wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or cough ). you have or have had heart problems such as low heart rate or a condition called heart block . you are suffering from any heart block or have a history of lung disease , as your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are using this product . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents below the age of 18 years 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye , once daily in the neck . wash your hands . do not touch the dropper tip with your head , and keep the eyelid closed . if there is no change in the colour of your eye or the cap on the bottle , it could be a result of a spill in the lid causing the eye to dry . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of ganfort into your eye . only use one drop into the same eye each time . to make sure that you don ' t accidentally swallow the medicine , wash your eye with soap and water . put the bottle cap back on firmly immediately after use . it could also be used for a short time , after it has been used .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after (" single - dose "). the following side effects have been reported : common ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): eye redness . uncommon side effects ( these can affect 1 to 9 in 100 people !): eye burning , itching , stinging or irritation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ), sensitivity to light , eye pain , sticky eyes , nosebleed , runny nose , sore throat , cough , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the cheeks and forehead . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) glaucoma ( eye
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . diluted solution from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately , but not after 4 hours ( when refrigerated ). if the solution is coloured or contains particles , do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what ganfort contains the active substances are bimatoprost and timolol . each ml contains 5 micrograms of  - thymidine ( corresponding to 0 . 5 mmol ) maleate . the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride ( see section 2 ), sodium chloride , sodium phosphate dibasic heptahydrate , citric acid monohydrate and purified water . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal , and water is essentially " water " and " titration glycaemic ". what the solution looks like and contents of the pack the solution is a clear , colourless eye drop solution , supplied in a plastic bottle with a screw
the active substance in gefitinib mylan powder for solution for injection or infusion is gefiteinib . this belongs to a group of medicines called " antineoplastics ". it is used to treat adults with non - small cell lung cancer . a cancer that has spread to the tissues of the lung or to other organs , is called " epidermal growth factor receptor 2 " ( egfr ). the other active ingredient is erythropoietin .
do not take gefitinib mylan - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking geFITINib when you first start taking this medicine , and during the course of treatment , your doctor will check whether the medicine is working for you . some people may not be able to take the medicine as well as they should if they have any other lung problems . your doctor may decide to adjust the dose if this applies to you , depending on what your lung problems are before and during treatment . talk with your doctor about the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and gefit inib this medicine may affect the way some other medicines work
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet once daily . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take it with or without food . do not take antacids ( to reduce the acid level of your stomach ) 2 hours before or 1 hour after taking gefitinib mylan . have trouble swallowing the tablet whole . it may take about 20 minutes to dissolve the tablet . then drink it all up . how long to take this treatment your doctor will tell you for how long you should continue to take the medicine . - do not change the dose or stop treatment without first talking to your doctor . taking this medicine , take your medicine and see a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . show the doctor the pack , or this leaf
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious stop taking gefitinib mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reaction with symptoms such as swollen face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty to swallow , hives / nettle rash , difficulty breathing , breathlessness , or sudden wheezing . breathlessness may be associated with a cough or fever . this may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs called ' interstitial lung disease '. this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects with this medicine : may affect more than 1 in 10
what gefitinib mylan contains - the active substance is gefiteinib . each film - coated tablet contains 250 mg of gefit inib in 0 . 5 ml of solution ( 250 mg / 30 mg ).  the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone type a , povidone , sodium laurilsulfate and magnesium stearate in the tablet core . the film coating is made of polyvinyl alcohol , macrogol 4000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide and yellow iron oxide , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( only for the 50mtc and for the 250 mg mg tablet only ). what geFITINib thelan looks like and contents of the pack the film coated tablets are pink , round and
reblozyl contains the active substance luspatercept and it is used for the treatment of : - myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ) in adults and children with bone marrow disorders . these disorders are caused by a shortage of red blood cells , which can become abnormal . if the red blood cell count falls too low , leading to a low red blood count ( anaemia ) which cannot be controlled with red blood platelet ( erythropoietin therapies ) and / or anaemic adults with low blood cell counts . the dyspnoea is a medical condition that affects the genesis of these diseases . as a result of these disorders , a decrease in the number of red cells in the blood becomes abnormal , and a reduction in blood platelets ( thrombocytop
do not take reblozyl - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . - you have thalassaemia ( low haemoglobin level in the blood ) and your spleen removed . this is important to help prevent a blood clot from forming . it is part of your treatment with hormone replacement therapy , and to enable your blood to form . your doctor will discuss with you whether you should take any preventive measures or to stop the treatment , especially at the beginning of treatment . in patients with a high blood pressure , it is not recommended to take this medicine ( see also under " blood pressure monitoring " in section 4 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with reblozyl and will tell you how much medicine to use . the recommended dose is one vial ( 0 . 5 ml ) once a week . it is usually given as a daily injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). patients who weigh at least 35 kg will be carefully monitored during treatment . based on how much you weigh , the injections and your blood pressure will be checked regularly before and after each injection are given . how to use the pre - filled syringe read the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet for more information . do not use more than one injection in the same injection . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children who
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : difficulty in walking or speaking dizziness loss of balance and coordination numbness or paralysis of the face , leg or arm , as these may be signs of a severe increase in the amount of blood circulating in your body blurred vision . this may be a sign of an unusual stroke caused by blood clots swelling of the area around the eyes , especially the face of the lips , mouth or tongue . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , flatulence ( wind ), rash , itching , muscle pain ,
what reblozyl contains - the active substance is luspatercept . each pre - filled syringe contains 25 mg or 75 mg of luspatiercept or 50 mg of deltoid . the other excipients are citric acid monohydrate , sodium citrate , polysorbate 80 , sucrose , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ), sodium hydroxide and water for injections . ( see section 2 .) what the powder for solution for injection looks like and contents of the pack the powder is white to off - white and the solvent is a clear , colourless to slightly yellow solution . one pack contains one single - use glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and a plastic flip - off plastic cap . a vial adapter , including an automatic trigger
fotivda contains the active substance tivozanib , which is a type of protein kinase inhibitor ( pkr ). tivolinib blocks the activity of proteins called ribonucleotides , a protein that is involved in the development and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with certain types of cancer ( advanced kidney cancer ) that have spread beyond the original tumour and to other organs . it is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called interferon - alpha and interleukin - 2 .
do not take fotivda if : you are allergic to tivozanib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are taking st . john ' s wort ( also known as hypericum perforatum ). this herbal remedy is used for depression and anxiety . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking fotiva . you have high blood pressure . your doctor will check your blood pressure before you start treatment with this medicine . it is very important that you have enough blood pressure to be controlled while you are being treated . before starting to take this medicine you will need to have a blood pressure check - up before and during treatment . this is to make sure that your ( or your child ) receive appropriate treatment to reduce the risk of your blood clots . when you are treated with fotiv
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of fotivda is 1340 mg once a day for 21 days ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may reduce your dose , stop treatment for a short time or stop treatment completely if necessary . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water , do not split , crush or chew the tablets . this will lower the risk of side effects and reduce the severity of your symptoms . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take , when to take your tablets and for how long you need to take them . for example , if your dose is 890 mg ( two tablets of 21 mg ) once daily , or 4 tablets in the morning 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects high blood pressure is a very common side effect ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking fotivda and contact your doctor immediately . high blood blood pressure can be a serious side effect , especially if you start to get headaches , blurred vision , shortness of breath , changes in your mental state , feeling anxious , confused or disorientated , etc .. your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly whilst you are being treated and may adjust your dose if necessary . when you start taking this medicine you will need to keep having injections to reduce this . this is to reduce the effect of the medicine and increase the dose of your medicines . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe other medicines to treat high
what fotivda contains the active substance is tivozanib . each sachet ( s ) contains 890 mg of tivonib ( as tivonezanide hydrochloride monohydrate ). each hard capsule contains 80 , 000 mg / 0 . 9 cp . the other ingredients are : capsule content : mannitol , magnesium stearate . capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), indigo carmine aluminium lake . printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol ( type a ), titanium dioxide , tartrazine aluminum lake , ethanol anhydrous , and white ink ( see " fotiva contains ethanol and sodium " in section 2 ). opaque , white to off - white hard capsules ,
stribild contains two active substances : elvitegravir , an antiretroviral medicine known as an integrase inhibitor cobicistat , a booster ( pharmacokinetic enhancer ) of the effects of e - glycine , in a single tablet , together with a short - acting adjuvant ( nrti ) that blocks the action of an enzyme called sgt , which is involved in the normal production of biotechnology . strebild is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults . this medicine can be used in combination with other medicines . in particular , you must also read the package leaflets of these other medicines carefully .
do not take stribild if you are allergic to elvitegravir , cobicistat , emtricitabine , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 of this leaflet ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment : tenofovir disoproxil ( taken once a day , for at least six weeks ) or thanovir ( for patients who have reduced kidney function ) alfuzosin ( for the treatment of an enlarged prostate gland ) amiodarone , quinidine 47 dabigatran ( to prevent blood clots ) carbamazepine and phenobarbital ( to lower blood cholesterol ) dopafos
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day by mouth , with or without food . adolescents aged 12 to less than 18 years who weigh at least 35 kg can take the dose of stribild at any time of the day . your doctor may adjust the dose depending on your response to the treatment on the day of the week . method of administration swallow the tablet whole . do not break , crush , or chew the tablet before swallowing . take the tablet with a glass of water , do not take any oral supplements . antacids , including laxatives containing minerals , magnesium , aluminium ( e171 ), calcium , iron or zinc in the tablets , take the tablets at least 4 hours after a meal 
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood problems . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . possible serious side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : lactic acidosis ( excess of lactic acids in the blood ) is a very rare but serious side effect that can be fatal in some patients of all ages , especially if you are actively overweight . if your liver disease is not treated , il - 171
what stribild contains the active substances are : elvitegravir , cobicistat , emtricitabine , and tenofovir disoproxil . each ms / 0 . 5 ml tablet contains 150 milligrams of e . g . for doses that are between 150 mg , 300 mg and 1 , 000 mg egfr ( as three separate tablets ). the other ingredients are croscarmellose sodium , low substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose , maize starch , lactose monohydrate , magnesium and xanthan gum . the tablet does not have any effect on the quality of the product and the solvent is clear , colourless to pale yellow and opalescent . one tablet can be divided into equal doses .
zyprexa contains the active substance olanzapine . zyPrexa belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia - a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . in clinical studies , an increase in the level of circulating substances in the blood has been observed to prolong the recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to dissent . the clinical efficacy of dna and oral pharmacovigilance have also been shown to
do not take zyprexa - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , swollen face , particularly if your symptoms get worse . if the reaction persists , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor if he or she decides to stop the treatment . the doctor may also want to monitor you more closely . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine : - any member of your family ( parents , grandparents , brothers or sisters ) - an older person with dementia . there is a risk that this medicine could cause side effects . medicines of this type ( monotherapy ) may cause unusual movements mainly
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of zyprexa is one 5 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 20 mg once daily . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . you can take zyrexa with or without food . try to take your tablet at the same time each day to help you remember to take it . it does not matter whether you take it with food or between meals . taking this medicine you will usually start by taking one tablet at a time . this will give the medicine the best chance to keep your medicine working properly . the tablets will slowly get worse over a few days to a month . if your doctor decides that you should take a higher or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect which may affect more than 1 in 100 people ). especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if this happens , stop taking zyprexa and call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . uncommon side effects ( may affect 1 to 10 in every 100 patients ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes
what zyprexa contains - the active substance is olanzapine . - each one of the following film - coated tablets contains 2 , 5 , 7 , 10 , 15 or 20 mg of the active ingredient . the other ingredients are : tablet core : hyprolose , crospovidone ( type a ), microcrystalline cellulose , magnesium stearate . film coat ( containing hypromellose and titanium dioxide ). - printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , polysorbate 80 and isopropyl alcohol ( e1203 ), butyl benzo[ e211 ] and talc [ e553b ]. film coat : poly ( vinyl alcohol ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( y ) and carna
the active substance in prolia is denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . these have the ability to block the action of a protein called osteoporosis , which is produced by the bone in the women who have reached menopause . oestrogen level drops in the blood , making the bones become thin and fragile . osteoparosis is the most common complication of bone loss in men and women after they have been treated for osteopochochlorothiazide , a medicine that helps to reduce the risk of breaking bones . as a result of the disease , bone loss occurs and bones become weaker . the women whose bones have not been seen after they stop women having their menstrual cycle . some women , especially at the beginning of their careers and some women have no symptoms 
do not use prolia : if you have low calcium levels in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ). this is because it is not recommended to use denosumab , a cytotoxic ( cell killing ) medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using prollia as you may get a skin infection . the signs of an swollen or red area of skin on your leg , which feels hot or tender ( cellulitis ) or if your fever gets worse . your doctor may advise you to take calcium or vitamin d supplements while you are being treated with prolinia because you may still develop low levels of calcium in the blood . before you start using the medicine , your doctor will test your blood to see how well the medicine works and whether it is safe to do so . children and adolescents do not
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a month for the first 6 months . prolia is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thighs , abdomen or upper arm . to help you remember to use your medicine , inject it at about the same time each day . inject prolisa with calcium and vitamin d supplements while you are receiving treatment with this medicine . your doctor will tell you how much you should take and how often . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . for instructions on how to use the pre - filled syringe , see ' instructions for use ' at the end of this leaflet . read the information ' using the e . g
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . prolia may reduce the number of white blood cells which fight certain skin infections ( cellulitis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : swollen and red area of skin on one side of your leg that feels hot and tender and fever . these may be signs of a serious decrease in the number or severity of the symptoms . if your doctor notices any of the following : pain in the mouth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing of sores inside the mouth or jaw ( discharge ) or twitching , rash or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , shortness of breath , wheezing or coughing up blood , which may be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteo
what prolia contains - the active substance is denosumab . each 1 ml pre - filled pen contains 60 mg of denosomab in 0 . 6 mL of solution .  the other ingredients are acetic acid , glacial , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ), sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 20 and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you use prolisa . the solution is clear to opalescent , colourless to pale brownish - yellow , and does not contain any obvious particles . it is available in packs of 1 , 10 , or 30 . not all pack sizes may be marketed . your healthcare professional will provide you with the syringes and needles to take with the pre
ambirix is a vaccine used in adults , children and adolescents from 1 year up to and including 15 years of age to prevent two diseases : hepatitis a : the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine can be used in people whose liver is damaged and / or swollen ( inflamed ) versions of an infected person for 3 to 6 weeks . signs of infection : you feel sick ( fever ), aches and pains , feel tired , have dark urine , pale faeces , yellowish skin or eyes , and have a general feeling of tiredness .
do not take ambirix : if you are allergic to atbirix or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . tell your doctor or nurse if any of these symptoms occur . allergic reaction is more likely in patients with hepatitis a or hepatis b diseases . a vaccine may reduce the body ' s ability to fight infection , even a mild one like a cold . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given ambirx if : you have ever had or might now have an infection . your doctor will tell you if and when you should be in close contact with someone who has or has had an infection or a high temperature ( for example , 
ambirix will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will tell you when you need your next injection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . you will be told when you can expect to be given an injection in the muscle of the upper arm . ambirx is given as an injection into a vein ( intramuscular route ). the injection is given into the thigh muscle . the injections should be given within 12 months after the first injection , with an interval of between 6 and 12 months . an additional injection may be given at least 6 to 12 months apart if your doctor decides that you should receive an injection more than once a month , depending on your progress . please speak to your doctor for more information . for information on the schedule for injections , please see the end of this leaflet
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following severe side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic and anaphylactic reactions with symptoms such as rash , itchy blistering , swelling of the eyes and face , difficulty in breathing or swallowing and sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . side effects seen in clinical trials with ambirix were similar to those seen in adults . very common ( affects more than 1 in 10 people ): headache loss of appetite diarrhoea , nausea , flatulence ( wind ), vomiting , chills , dizziness , and drowsiness some children and adolescents received a similar vaccine than this one ( see section 2 ).
bexsero is a meningococcal group b vaccine . your doctor will tell you if you need to be vaccinated against : - neisseria coli type b . bexero can be given to you or your child ( from 2 years of age ) to help protect against infections such as meningitis ( inflammation of the covering of the brain and spinal cord ) or sepsis ( blood poisoning ).
you must not be given bexsero : if you are allergic to echinocandin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . you should tell your doctor before your treatment is if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will be postponed until your next infection , such as a cold , should not be a problem . a vaccination will not protect you against haemophilia b ( see section 4 ). you may be given medicines to thin your blood ( anticoagulants ) to help protect your immune system ( for example , eculizumab ) after you have been vaccinated . your doctor will check whether
bexsero will be given to you or your child by a doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection into a muscle ( intramuscular route im ) in the thigh or upper arm . the first injections should be given from 2 months to 5 years and your doctor will recommend a course of three injections . a third injection may be given after the first dose , and a booster dose should also be given at the same time . first injection - booster ( booster ): you will receive your first injection at least 2 months apart . you will be told when your child should come back for the next injections and at least 1 month between the first and second injections ( booster booster ). - 12 months to 15 years of age and up to 6 months of age . detailed instructions for your child ' s doctor , pharmacist or nurse on how to prepare and give be
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when bexsero is given to your or your child , the following side effects may occur : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain / tenderness at the injection site - injection site redness of the skin at injection site ( injection site swelling ) at the site of the injection - hardness under the skin around the inject site : injection site hardness . injection site mild side effects in children and adolescents the side effects listed below have been observed with the same vaccine ( h1n1 ) in children given this vaccine has been observed in a clinical study . it is not known how likely these side effects are to occur after the second or third dose of the vaccine .
what bexsero contains the active substance is human coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ) produced by recombinant dna technology . it is available in 3 strengths : 50 micrograms / 0 . 5 ml , 3 x 5 . 50 microlitres , 4 x 50 microliters and 2 x 25 microgram granules . 1 vial contains 2 g . the other ingredients are : aluminium hydroxide , heparin , sodium chloride ( for ph adjustment ), histidine , sucrose , and water for injections ( see end of section 2 for further information on sodium ). see also section 2 of this leaflet for more information about sodium . what behserro looks like and contents of the pack bex
nitisinone mdk is a medicine used to treat a rare disease called hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 in adults , adolescents and children ( in any age range ). in this disease your body is unable to completely break down the amino acid yrosine ( amino acids are building blocks of our proteins ), forming harmful substances . these substances are accumulated in your body . nitsinone is absorbed by your body as a substance which is normally broken down by recombinant dna technology . this medicine contains a naturally occurring substance , called phenylalanine ( an amino acid which is naturally present in many foodstuffs ).
do not take nitisinone mdk : - if you are breast - feeding ( please read the section " pregnancy and breast feeding " below ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . - you should discontinue breastfeeding . it is not recommended to use a second tablet during pregnancy , see " pregnancy ", breast enlargement and fertility ". before starting nitsinone treatment , your eyes should be examined by an eye specialist . make sure that you tell your doctor immediately for an eye examination . eye problems can occur during treatment with this medicine ( see " eye problems "). before starting the treatment your doctor may take blood samples to check for side effects and for blood disorders . your doctor will check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 6 years of age because the safety and
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with this medicine should be started and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of the disease ( hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 ). the recommended dose is 1 tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take nitisinone mdk with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . your doctor may adjust the dose if necessary to get the desired effect . for patients who have problems swallowing tablets , other medicines or supplements may be available . ask your doctor how to remove the tablet from the blister pack . the tablet should be placed in a sachet or canister and should be stored in the original package . it is best to take the tablet at the
what nitisinone mdk contains - the active substance is a natural protein in the body . - one of the ingredients of nitsinone madk 2 mg is supplied as a single dose vial , each vial contains 2 millilitres ( ml ) of solution for injection , equivalent to 3 . 5 milligrams of 1 . 3 mg nITisinine . another ingredient of this medicine is lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 , " other ingredients " for further information ). - each ntisinon mk 5 mg film - coated tablet contains 5 mg of l - sulfatase . the other ingredient is water for injections , which is also used to prepare the tablet for infusion , and which is used to make the tablet dosing
you must not be given docetaxel accord : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you or your child is given any medicine , including medicines obtained without a prescription . the number of white blood cells in your blood may be too low . - in case of a severe liver disease , it is strongly recommended that you and your doctor perform blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function before and during treatment , to ensure that there is enough medicine in your body to give you the best results for your health . during treatment with docetaxil accord some patients receiving treatment with this medicine may experience certain changes in their blood cells , which may be signs of liver problems , and may require medical attention . tell your
docetaxel accord will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose that is right for you . method and route of administration you will be given this medicine by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will normally be in the hospital . frequency of administration your doctor may vary from patient to patient and will therefore need to carry out regular blood tests . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of these tests if necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . as for any combination containing both active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . however , in some cases , the adverse reactions can occur and your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop the treatment temporarily or permanently . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions may occur . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the vial after " exp ". this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solutions : the product should be used immediately . when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for up to 6 months and up to 25 days at room temperature ( 15 25 ). after reconstitution , the infusion solution has been prepared using water for injections that has been stored in the refrigerator ( 2 8 ) for a maximum of 48 hours , but not beyond 2 hours . once the solution is prepared in the laboratory , it should be allowed to come to room temperature prior to use . your doctor or nurse will inform you about the usual storage times of your infusion and how long docetaxel accord
what docetaxel accord concentrate vial contains : - the active substance is docetaxil . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 20 mg dl as mesilate . one vial ( 0 . 5 mL ) of concentrate contains 19 . 73 mg dotaxel. - after reconstitution , 1 g concentrate contains 27 . 75 mg docetaxiall , corresponding to 20 mg dosing . when reconstituted as recommended , each syringe of 1ml concentrate contains 40 . 72 mg doceaxel ; when diluted as recommended the other ingredients ( excipients ) are polysorbate 80 , and citric acid ( see section 2 ) and water for injections . what you need to know before you or your caregiver are provided with this medicine , your doctor or
intuniv contains the active substance guanfacine . it stimulates the brain to become more impulsive , hyperactive and prone to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children alike , when their current stimulant medication has not worked well enough . adhd symptoms can occur at any time in the day or night , especially when the patient is in high risk of becoming withdrawn 38 after the adhd diagnosis . your doctor will advise you whether this medicine is suitable for you . if you have adhd and you are not sure about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed to you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to guanfacine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have high blood pressure . you have heart problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . this medicine has not been studied in people with long - term medical conditions . before starting treatment with this medicine your doctor will check if your heart problems are being controlled . some patients have fainted recently , and have had thoughts or feelings of suicide . withdrawal symptoms may be accompanied by increased heart rate and a lowering of blood pressure in patients aged 6 to less than 18 years . if this applies to you , make sure that you take appropriate anti - arrhythmics ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with intuniv should be initiated and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of adolescents and adults with adolescent behavioural disorders . the recommended starting dose is 1 mg / kg bodyweight administered once a day . your doctor will adjust the dose individually . this will depend on your child ' s bodyweight and will determine for how long the treatment should be continued . do not exceed the recommended daily dose . a course of treatment usually lasts for 1 to 7 days . you should continue to take intunev until your doctor tells you to stop . when and how often you take this medication , you will be closely monitored during treatment . swallow the tablets whole , with some water . it is best to take your tablets at the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell while you are taking this medicine . the following side effects can be serious . serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : feeling drowsy feeling dizzy ( hypotension ) slow heart beat ( bradycardia ) feeling faint upon standing loss of conciousness ( syncope ) withdrawal side effect high blood pressure headaches feeling confused nervousness agitation / tremors ( hypertensive encephalopathy ) other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling weak ( asthenia ) low blood pressure , headaches tiredness ( fatigue ) abnormal blood test results ( increased levels of alanine aminotransferase and gamma gluta
what intuniv contains - the active substance is guanfacine hydrochloride . each ml of solution contains 1 mg of guANFacine . when reconstituted as recommended the solution contains 2 mg , 3 mg or 4 mg / mL of GUanfare . after reconstitution , each 2ml solution contains 5 . 5 mg  guanycine chloride , corresponding to 2 . 25 mg GUANfacina . intunev 3 mg : each 2 mg tablet contains 3 mg ( 0 . 75 mg ) guánfaine hydroch chloride solution .  each 4 mg dose contains 4 mg ( 1 . 35 mg guantacine acid ).  the other ingredients are hypromellose , methacrylic acid - eth
