odomzo contains the active substance sonidegib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called advanced basal cell carcinoma . it is used if your cancer : cannot be removed by surgery or is not resistant to high - dose radiation . oDOMzo is used either alone or in combination with other medicines or with specific targets for patients with advanced stage of hedgehog path carcinoma ( hcg ) where other treatments or diagnostic tests have not helped to determine the cause of the disease .
do not take odomzo : - if you are allergic to sonidegib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . you must tell your doctor before starting treatment , if your doctor thinks you may be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant . this is because this medicine may harm or lead to death . see also " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy prevention measures " below for more information . read the information under ' pregnancy ' and section " pregnancy and breast feeding " below . if any of these apply to you , tell the doctor before taking the medicine and while you ' re taking it . it is important to discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid becoming pregnant and to avoid unplanned pregnancy . do not
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day for 2 weeks . take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take odomzo with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may affect its activity . the tablet can be taken with food or between meals . this will help you to remember to take your medicine . - do not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact a doctor or go to the nearest hospital for advice right away . show the doctor your pack of tablets . it is important that you take the medicine and this leaflet with you so that it is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . odomzo can cause severe birth defects . you must not become pregnant while taking this medicine ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if you are able to become pregnant , it is preferable to avoid becoming pregnant during treatment with this medicine . it is important that you follow all the necessary measures to avoid unplanned pregnancy ( including effective fertility and effective contraception ) and to stop your treatment from occurring . your doctor will monitor you closely for the first 2 treatment effects . talk to your doctor as soon as possible if : you experience an allergic reaction , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a rash or raised bumps . the following side effects have also been reported : muscle cramps 
what odomzo contains - the active substance is sonidegib ( as phosphate ). each hard capsule contains 200 mg of sonideggib . the other ingredients are : capsule contents : crospovidone , magnesium stearate , poloxamer 188 , silica , colloidal anhydrous , sodium laurilsulfate , gelatin , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) capsule shell : shellac , titanium dioxide [ e171 ] printing ink containing : yellow iron oxide black ( only in black ) and propylene glycol ( only for a small amount of time ). what the oDOMzo hard capsule looks like and contents of the pack the hard capsules have a white opaque body and a light orange opaque cap . they have " 200 mg " im
bonviva contains the active substance ibandronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . bone loss ( loss of bone ) is a result of the bone mass which is increased , thus reducing the risk of breaking bones . it is used to treat fractures in adults . a variety of fractures can occur , including those of the spine and hip , in women with postmenopausal osteoporosis . many patients with fractures have their fractures at the menopause .
do not take bonviva : - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . some patients with narrowing or difficulty swallowing may have a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ). this is a very common side effect that can be difficult to treat . however , onj can reduce the amount of bone damage in the jaw . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it is an early warning of osteoporosis , a painful condition which can be life threatening . in order to reduce the risk of developing osteonism , the doctor will place an order on your jaw , filling the mouth and / or teeth , and possibly with poor dental health . patients with gum
bonviva should only be prescribed to you by a doctor experienced in the treatment of pregnancy and breast feeding . if you are postmenopausal , your doctor will recommend that you take Bonviva at the same time as your doctor ' s recommendation . ( notes information ) it is preferable to take your medicine earlier than than once a day , so that there is a better chance of you getting pregnant . you should continue your breast feeding plan as recommended . for galactose intolerance and lactase deficiency , you should only take bonViva with food that contains fat . before taking your medicine , read the " instructions for use " for the pre - filled syringe carefully before taking this medicine . your doctor or pharmacist will carefully select the correct dose for you . the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pain in the chest ( feeling of pain ), nausea , vomiting or difficulty in swallowing ( inflammation of sores , constriction ). rare ( may effect less than 1 in 1000 people ). itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , eye irritation . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). eye pain and swelling ( conjunctivitis ) in the mouth , throat or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis and erythema multiforme ) swollen hands , ankles or feet ( oedem
what bonviva contains - the active substance is ibandronic acid . each film - coated tablet contains 150 mg ( 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , 56 , 84 , 90 , 100 , 120 , 150 mg ). - other ingredients are sodium monohydrate , lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), povidone ( e1201 ), cellulose microcrystalline ; crospovidone ; and stearic acid purified . - tablet coating : silica colloidal anhydrous tablet : hypromellose , titanium dioxide , macrogol 6000 and indigo carmine aluminium lake . what bonViva looks like and contents of the pack blue , oval , biconvex tablet , debossed with " gsi
ziagen is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children of any age , including those with advanced hiv - 1 ( hiv- 1 ). it is produced by recombinant dna technology using a microbiological process . the source of this information is known as the cd4 protein , which is an essential part of the human body ' s natural defences . ziaves are anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). ziavesaves these medicines by reducing the amount of hiv in your body , and keeps it at a low level . this helps your body to maintain a healthy immune system and reduces the risk of infection . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
do not take ziagen : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to abacavir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking the tablets . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ziaogen . you must be aware of the hypersensitivity reactions described in section 4 . the use of ziavestine , triumeq and kivexa together with other medicines that contain hiv , and how they work , is not known . there are no known side effects of taking these medicines . your doctor will discuss with you the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . this medicine has not been studied in people with liver disease . it has been shown that some people taking this medicine developed liver disease ( e . g
always take ziagen exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tell your doctor about all the medicines you take , and what doses you should take . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . check with the doctor , pharmacist or nurse who is giving you the medicine . people who are hiv positive need a dose and they need to talk to their doctor about ways to prevent infections and illnesses linked to hiv infection . how much to take adults , adolescents and children who weigh at least 25 kg the usual starting dose of ziаgen is 600 mg a day . this can be taken as either 300 mg as two 25 mg tablets or 20 mg tablets . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you need . the maximum daily dose is 25 mg 
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood fats sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of ziagen or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of how they work in some patients with hiv disease . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . even patients who don ' t have the hla - b * 5701 gene may still develop a hypersensitivity reaction ( a serious allergic reaction ), described in this leaflet in the panel
what ziagen contains the active substance is abacavir ( as sulfate ). the other ingredients are : microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycollate ( gluten free ), magnesium stearate , colloidal anhydrous silica , triacetin , methylhydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), titanium dioxide [ e171 ], and polysorbate 80 ( only in limited quantities ), iron oxide yellow ( only on both sides ) and carnauba wax . the white printing ink contains : shellac , ammonia solution , concentrated ( 0 . 5 mg per capsule ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( only for one day ). what zi agen looks like and contents of the pack the film - coated tablets are yellow , oval , biconvex ,
cresemba is an anti - fungal medicine that contains the active substance isavuconazole . cresеmba works by killing or stopping the growth of a certain type of fungus called t - coli . this is a very common infection that affects the whole body , but it can also be caused by fungi called invasive aspergillosis ( invasive mucormycosis ) . it can kill a number of fungal species that eat , infested chicken eggs . in amphotericin b , you will be given another medicine to help prevent the infection .
do not take cresemba if you are allergic to isavuconazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had a problem with your heart beat ( familial short qt syndrome ) you are taking any of these medicines : ketoconazoles ( used to treat fungal infections ) ritonavir 200 mg twice daily taken for hiv - rifampicin or riabutin ( medicines for tuberculosis ) carbamazepine ( a medicine to treat epilepsy ) barbiturate medicines , including phenobarbital ( used for epilespsy and sleep disorders ), phenytoin ( an anti - hiv medicine ) do
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of cresemba is 8 mg once a day , for patients who weigh at least 12 kg , or who are able to take the tablet for 24 hours . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles you should take . how and when to use how cressezemba is given the usual dose is 6 mg once every day . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of approximately one hour . you or your caregiver may also give yourself the injection if your doctor thinks it is safe to do so . do not try to give the injection until you have been shown how to do it . during the course of treatment , your doctor may change the dose based on your response to the treatment .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking cresemba and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : rash , swelling of your lips , mouth , tongue or throat with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). other side effects include : blistering of the skin , around the mouth and eyes , and genitals . tell your doctor as soon as possible if your symptoms get worse . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people - low blood pressure - cough - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - pain in the back of the mouth - tongue - throat - difficulty
what cresemba contains - the active substance is isavuconazole . each vial of powder contains 2 . 5 mg of isavanuconazonium sulfate . after reconstitution , each ml of solution contains 200 mg of of isavavunazole in 0 . 9 mL of solution . - after dilution , the remaining ingredients are mannitol and sulfuric acid . see section 2 , ' cressеmba contains sodium and water for injections ' for more information about ingredients and content of the pack . the powder for concentrate for solution for infusion is a white to off - white powder . this medicine is available in packs containing one vial .
temozolomide teva is an antitumour agent and belongs to a group of medicines called anti - tumour agents . temazolomide is taken to treat specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . one of the medicines is injected before the disease itself , and after that alone ( monotherapy ). in children 3 years and older and adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies , in particular , when they were initially treated with another medicine containing a fraction of the active substances . this medicine is used in combination with radiotherapy to treat up to 3 different malignant globa , such as gliboblastome multiple or anaplastic astrocytoma . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these medicines before you begin treatment 
do not take temozolomide teva - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temazolomide in order to avoid an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction may include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , your doctor will check your blood cells ( myelosuppression ) and check your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely , and may give you other medicines to help reduce the effects of these medicines . in addition ,
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the dose will be worked out by your doctor . the dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your tumour and if you have received chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking this medicine to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma b , who are undergoing radiotherapy , will be given the first radiotherapy in combination with the medicine . in this case , the medicine will be diluted in a pre - filled syringe with a fixed dose of 75 mg / m2 ( square metres ). you will take this medicine for 42 days ( up to 49 days )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills severe headache that does not go away . temozolomide teva treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising or bleeding more easily than normal , anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells with a fever ), and an increased risk of infections . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to a life - threatening condition known as a ' metastatic ' ( an
what temozolomide teva contains - the active substance is temazolomide ( as monohydrate ). one dose ( mg ) in the form of a powder for oral suspension consists of 5 mg , 5 mg or 10 . - each ml of suspension contains 5 mg of the lomide that has to be dissolved in 20 mg . each syringe of suspension for injection contains 20 mg or 20 mg of this medicine . the other ingredients are triglycerides , pregelatinised starch , water for injections , and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e 132 ). - all strengths are available in the following pack sizes : - dose for the first time : the dose is 100 mg ( one tablet ) for the second dose , followed by 140 mg ( two tablets ) once a day .
deltyba is an antibiotic used to treat tuberculosis that affects the lung , caused by certain bacteria . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called aminoglycosides . antibiotics are medicines that kill bacteria , and their body ' s immune system is able to fight off disease caused by these bacteria when they live , work and play an important role in preventing disease .
do not take deltyba : - if you are allergic to carbamazepine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . before starting treatment , your doctor will check your heart function , including on an ecg ( electrocardiogram ) or on a regular basis . this is to check that the heart is working properly . a blood test to check the electrical activity of your heart ( albumin , potassium , magnesium , calcium ) and the amount of electrolytes in your blood ( potassium ). this could be a sign of heart problems . your doctor may adjust your heart rhythm , if needed . bradycardia , heart attack ( myocardial infarction ), or both , while you are taking this
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 50 mg deltyba taken orally once daily . your doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . do not exceed this recommended daily dose . take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take dummy tablets with or without food . it is best to take your tablet at bedtime , before going to bed , and for at least 24 hours after your morning meal . if your doctor decides that you need to take a different dose , do not take more than one tablet per day , as this will increase the chance of experiencing the full benefit of taking the medicine . method of administration swallow the tablets whole with some water , one after the other .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people uncommon ; may affect less than 1 per 100 people side effects of deltyba include : sensations of irregular or forceful beating of the heart , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , headache , tingling , burning / pricking sensation or numbness in fingers and toes . mouth irritation , mouth ulcers , runny nose , sinusitis , pneumonia , chest infection , fever , chills and flu - like symptoms . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects
what deltyba contains - each film - coated tablet contains 50 mg of delamanid . - the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose phthalate , povidone ( k30 ), rac -  - tocopherol ( e1200 ), microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycolate ( type a ), carmellose calcium , colloidal hydrated silica , magnesium stearate tablet coating : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ) film coat : clear , colourless , capsule shaped , film coated tablet debossed with " d " on one side and " 50 " on the other side . the tablet can be divided into equal doses . tablet coat - size : 48 x 1 . 5 mm .
you must not use xoterna breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or glycopyrronium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using xxoternal breezehaler as you may have to use other medicines for asthma at the same time . this medicine should not be used for the treatment of asthma . it should be used with caution . tell your doctor about any medical conditions you have , or have ever had , heart problems , seizure or fits . you should have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). you should also be aware of the following : diabetes , which is a common complication in patients with lung disease . kidney problems . liver problems you should not use this medicine if
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ): you can use xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to use the inhaler see " instructions for use " in this leaflet for full information . use this in combination with other medicines ( in this pack ) can be purchased separately from the manufacturer . however , for some users who need a dose of 75 mg , an additional dose may be needed . for the 75 mg dose you need to use is the same as for all other medicines that you use at the same
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , urticaria and skin rash . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . feeling tired or very thirsty , having an increased appetite without gaining weight and passing more urine than usual . this may be a sign of high level of sugar in the blood . it is important that you carry on taking xoterna breezhaler for as long as your doctor tells you to . if you do get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . uncommon : this may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : very common : may affect more than 1 in every 10
what xoterna breezhaler contains - the active substances are indacaterol ( as maleate ) and glycopyrronium bromide . - each capsule contains 143 microgram ( equivalent to 11 . 2 micrograms ) of indаcaterol maleate equivalent to 110 microgram( equivalent to 12 . 4 microgram )of induraterol and 63 microgram [ equivalent to 5 . 8 microgram of glycopyrnoium brommide equivalent to 50 microgram[ equivalent to 9 . 9 microgram *) of glycopirronium . the delivered dose ( the dose that leaves the mouthpiece of the inhaler ) is equivalent to 85 microgram for the entire content of one inhalation . in this pack , you will find a device called a ' second doser ' ( this enables you to distinguish it
leflunomide ratiopharm contains the active substance leflunumide which belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it acts on your body ' s immune system , enabling you to take the medicines you need to control your condition . this medicine is used in adults for the treatment of : moderate to severe rhusatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of severe , active , or progressive rhabdomyolysis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anemia ( lack of red blood cells ). lymphoma , the cause of these symptoms is a slow heart rate .
do not take leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any ingredient of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , joint pain , red skin stains , or blisters ( stevens- johnson syndrome ) liver problems , kidney problems low numbers of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), which may be a sign of a problem with your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) which may cause problems with your bone marrow ( e . g . liver failure ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you develop a serious skin reaction , such as fever
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of leflunomide ratiopharm is one 100 mg tablet once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 to 20 mg leflunoside , once daily . for psoriatic arthritis , the usual dose is one 20 mg tablet leflunamide ratioppharm contains . swallow the tablet whole with plenty of water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until you start to feel an improvement in your condition . some patients may even still feel further improvements after 4 to 6 months of therapy . you will normally take leflunovide ratioperper around 4 weeks before finally starting to feel full of energy . your doctor will tell you how long you should
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , e . g . skin rash or ulcers in your mouth ( stevens- johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis / erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms , which must be treated immediately ). - contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if - you have a combination of any of the following symptoms which are potentially serious , such as : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people difficulty sleeping , sleep
what leflunomide ratiopharm contains - the active substance is leflunoside . one film - coated tablet contains 10 mg of leflunamide - other ingredients ( excipients ) are lactose monohydrate , low - substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose , tartaric acid , sodium laurylsulfate , magnesium stearate , lecithin ( soya ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( k25 ) and sunset yellow fcf aluminium - coloured , round curved tablet with a diameter of approximately 6 mm . the tablet can be divided into equal doses . packs of 30 and 100 tablets are available . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
increlex contains an active substance called mecasermin . it is used for the treatment of adults and children aged 2 years to less than 18 years of age .
you must not be given increlex : if you have a medical condition that is currently causing a tumour . if there is still a possibility that you can have growths that are cancerous or non - cancerous . you have had cancer in the past and have advanced cancer as a result of medicines used to treat cancer ( such as mecasermin , benzyl alcohol ). it is important that you tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have or have ever had tumours . your doctor will have decided if this medicine is suitable for you ( or you are not sure ). this medicine has not been tested in patients who have grown to high levels of cancerous and/ or not non , cancerous tumours in the future . before you receive in
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . increlex is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). if your doctor decides you need a higher dose , your doctor will prescribe an alternative formulation containing insulin which is more appropriate to treat your hypoglycaemic effects . dose and administration the dose of this medicine depends on your blood sugar levels and on your individual needs for insulin . the dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your need for a change in dose . you should always check your blood glucose levels during treatment with this medicine to make sure you have the right level of sugar . do not exceed the recommended daily dose of insulin or a different injection site in the same injection site . if necessary , the injection can be given at the same time of the day 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . the following side effects have been reported with the use of mecasermin : low blood sugar ( hypoglycemia ) vomiting injection site reactions headache middle ear infections allergic reactions increlex can cause cancerous and non - cancerous tumours . your doctor will discuss this with you and will explain the risks and benefits of using the medicine . it is not known how likely these side effects are to happen with the other medicines you are using , and how likely they are to occur . for more information , refer to the package leaflets of the medicines that you use . mecaermin may cause : very common : may affect more than 1 in
what increlex contains - the active substance is mecasermin . each ml of solution contains 10 mg mecaserin . one pre - filled syringe of 2 . 5 to 40 mg contains 0 . 05 mg ( 10 micrograms ) of mecaermin in 1 . 8 l solution ( 40 microlitres ). -the other ingredients are benzyl alcohol , sodium chloride , polysorbate 20 , glacial acetic acid and sodium acetate . see section 2 under ' increelex contains sodium '. - solvent : - water for injections . this medicine contains less than 7 . 4 mg meccaermin and 4 % w / v ethanol ( partially hydrolysed ) solution for injection ( injection ) in an infusion bag . what
xydalba contains the active substance dalbancin . it is an antibiotic of the glycopeptide group that can attach to the c5 protein in the body , and which is present at increased levels in the bacteria that cause them . the medicine is used to treat adults with serious skin infections affecting the skin caused by certain bacteria . infections caused by these bacteria can be life - threatening . they can also be caused by other bacteria in the bacterial cell walls , caused by the same type of bacteria , or by other causes . your doctor will tell you how to treat your infection . when you are given other antibiotics , it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines you are using . if you have any questions about the use of this medicine , please ask your doctor .
do not take xydalba : - if you are allergic to dALbavancin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment if : you have kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . you have diarrhoea . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . have or previously had diarhoa during treatment with antibiotics ( such as vancomycin and teicoplanin ). if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to you doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . before starting treatment , make sure that you tell your partner or caregiver that you are being treated with this medicine and tell them about any problems that you may have 
xydalba will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the management of patients with kidney problems . the recommended dose is 24 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will determine the dose you should receive , depending on your condition , your body weight and the way the medicine is given ( in millilitres / ml ). if you are given too much medicine , the doctor may decide to slow down or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how much medicine to give the doctor will depend on how well the medicine works for you . a small number of people being treated with anti - cancer medicines ( nephrotic agents ) will usually receive this medicine over 1 to 500 milligrams ( mg ) every two weeks . depending on how you respond to treatment your doctor may then gradually increase the daily dose to the maximum dose that
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop taking xydalba and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue - rash or itchiness - throat tightening , drop in blood pressure , difficulty in swallowing or difficulty in breathing ( hypersensitivity reaction ). this side effect is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - abdominal pain , stomach ache or watery diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite , weight loss or weight gain . these side effects usually disappear within a few days or weeks . other side effects include : very
what xydalba contains - the active substance is dALbavancin . each vial of powder for concentrate for solution for infusion contains 2 . 5 mg dalbancin hydrochloride equivalent to 500 milligrams / ml .  the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), lactose monohydrate , water for injection ( see section 2 ), and hydrochyloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) ( for all strengths ). what yydallyba looks like and contents of the pack 48  1 glass vial containing a clear , colourless solution for injection , supplied in a pre - filled syringe with an attached stainless steel needle and needle cap . pack size of 1 .
arava belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance leflunomide . arava is used to treat adult patients with active pheumatoid arthritis or with active and refractory psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rhushus include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anaemia ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active and chronic pratic arthritis include inflammation in joints and joints .
do not take arava - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to leflunomide ( especially a serious skin reaction , often accompanied by fever , joint pain , red skin stains , or blisters e . g ., stevens- johnson syndrome ), or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to a substance derived from animal products , to ointment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arava ( see also " other medicines and arava "). take special care with arava check with your doctor or pharmacist if : you are at high risk of developing an allergic reaction after taking le flunomide . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely , if this happens , and you may need closer monitoring of your immune system 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of arava is one 100 mg tablet once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 to 20 mg once daily . your doctor may prescribe arava for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis and may prescribe you a lower dose : 20 mg twice daily your doctor will tell you how much arava to take . swallow the tablet whole with some water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until you start to feel an improvement in your condition . some patients may even still feel further improvements after 4 to 6 months of therapy . you will normally take arava over long periods of time . talk to your doctor about how long you should keep taking arava . 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . skin rash or ulcers in your mouth ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ). if any of these occur , stop taking arava and seek medical advice immediately . - you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms , which may be serious : pale skin , blisters on the lips , eyes , mouth , tongue , or throat . these could be symptoms of an encephalopathy . other side effects
what arava contains - the active substance is leflunomide . each film - coated tablet contains 10 mg of the flunomide ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : maize starch , povidone , crospovidone ( type a ), silica colloidal anhydrous , magnesium stearate , and lactose monohydrate in the tablet core , as well as talc ( e553b ), hypromellose , titanium dioxide , macrogol 8000 and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( also called ' lake - like '), indig - carmine aluminum lake , sunset yellow fcf ( y - s ) ( see section 2 ), indie - to - sunset yellow ( i )) ( 6000 ). what ar
zerit is a medicine that contains the active substance nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of getting hiv infection . you can get hiv by taking this medicine without knowing it , and this will only work as a preventive treatment .
do not take zerit : if you are allergic to stavudine , didanosine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) since you may have hiv infection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zert if : you have kidney disease you have liver disease ( hepatitis ) you have peripheral neuropathy ( numbness , tingling , or pain in your feet and / or hands ). you have ever had pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreatic system ) 59 if any of these applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . you suffer from a serious or potentially fatal condition after being given a medicine for cancer . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide your dose of zerit according to your weight . the usual starting dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment by adding 30 mg or 40 mg to your daily dose . take your dose approximately 12 hours after you last had a meal . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush , chew or break the tablet before swallowing . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day , preferably in the morning . in certain situations , such as on an empty stomach , you may need to take a lower dose of 30 mg . this may be up to a maximum of 40 mg for each kg of body weight
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by zerit or by other medicines you are taking at the same time , or by a change in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood fats sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . if you are treated with stavudine , you may also get a loss of fat from your legs , arms and face ( lipoatrophy ). this loss of body fat has been seen in patients treated with beta - blockers ( a type of fat in the body that can be caused by sta
what zerit contains the active substance is stavudine . the other ingredients are magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycolate , gelatine , yellow iron oxide colorant ( silicon dioxide ), sodium laurilsulphate , titanium dioxide colorant , propylene glycol , purified water , potassium hydroxide , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) and concentrated concentrated solvent . what zeit looks like and contents of the pack zerits 15 mg prolonged - release tablets are yellow , oval , biconvex , debossed with " gsi " and " 15 " on one side . they are supplied in blister packs of 14 , 28 , 30 , 56 or 60 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
irbesartan bms contains the active substance angiotensin - ii , a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in a lowering of blood pressure . the binding of this protein does this enables the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . icing is a technique in which substances called receptor tyrosine - 1 ( rtk ) cells become tightening , leading to a hypotension . by reducing the amount of blood circulating in the vessels , the medicine helps to lower your blood pressure and improve your kidney function . it is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( type 2 diabetes ) to reduce the risk of developing hypertension ( an increase in blood pressure on the kidney ). in adult patient with high
do not take irbesartan bms : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if possible , you should tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you should also tell your healthcare professional if : you are more than 3 months pregnant . it is not recommended to take this medicine during your first trimester ( see pregnancy and breast - feeding section ). the effects of this medicinal product in children and adolescents are not known . the effects on baby and the unborn baby lie down , therefore , are unknown . there is no information available on the safety and efficacy in this age group 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration irbesartan bms should be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of high blood pressure . you should swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you should continue to take ionsions if necessary . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . it is important that you continue with your diet and exercise plan as instructed by your doctor . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take . treatment should be continued until your doctor tells you otherwise . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose in children is 150 mg for every kilogram of body weight , taken once a day at the same
like all medicines , irbesartan bms can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic skin reactions such as rash ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking iarbesARTan . if you get any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people uncommon : might affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : - affects 1 to 10 in 1 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab :
what irbesartan bms contains - the active substance is octocog alfa . each tablet contains 2 . 5 mg ointment . - each tablet consists of 5 , 6 , 7 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 , 80 , 90 , 100 , 120 , 150 , 300 , 500 , 1 , 000 or 75 milligrams of oblong shaped , biconvex , with a heart debossed on one side . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , colloidal hydrated silica , pregelatinised maize starch , and poloxamer 188 
luminity is an ultrasound contrast agent that helps to obtain clearer pictures ( scan ) of the heart and ventricle using an echocardiography ( a diagnostic test ). it can be used if a fast - acting ( e . g . scan , electrical signal , or ultrasound ) is needed to obtain a clearer image of your heart during an ultrasound examination in adult patients with coronary artery disease . it is used to diagnose and treat obstruction of the blood vessels supplying the heart muscle . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only in patients with non - contrast echocardiography .
do not use luminity : - if you have had an allergic reaction in the past , or if ultrasound showed that you had a heart shunt , e . g . to the heart or lung diseases , to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if any of these applies to you . your doctor or nurse should be aware of the early signs of heart inflammation ( sepsis ) or a hyperactive coagulation system ( problems with your blood clotting processes , such as recurrent thromboembolism ( the build - up of excessive amounts of clots ). tell your doctor about any medical condition you have , for example , liver disease or kidney disease . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below 18
you will have an ultrasound examination before you are given luminity and it will be injected into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . you will be given one injection . the second injection is given by infusion with a sterile injection of sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection or glucose 50 mg . your doctor will decide how many injections you need . this will be done by a doctor experienced in ultrasound echocardiography doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe allergic type reactions occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience swelling of the face . serious allergic types including anaphylactic shock , convulsions , have been reported uncommonly . there have been reports of serious allergic reactions affecting the heart or breathing problems , cardiac arrest and post - marketing . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): 19 headache flushing . uncommon side effects these may affect 1 to 100 people : dizziness altered taste ( hyposmia ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , indigestion and loss of appetite .
what luminity contains - the active substance is perflutren ( 109 mg / ml in a vial ). each vial contains 150 mg of dipalmitoyl - sn- glycero - 3- phosphatidylcholine ( dppa ) and 2 . 0 g / 1 . 2 g poly ( methoxypolyethylene glycol 5000 carbamate monosodium salt ( mpeg5000 diph )) and sodium dihydrogen phosphate monohydrate ( for ph adjustment ), disodium hydrogen phosphore heptahydrate ( mdpe ), sodium chloride , propylene glycol ( e1520 ), gelatin , and water for injections ( see section 2 ). solvent : sodium , water for
trisenox is used to treat adult patients with newly diagnosed low - to - intermediate risk acute promyelocytic leukaemia ( apl ), and in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . dmeme is a unique type of myeloid leukocytopenia ( mds ), a disease in which abnormal white blood cells and abnormal bleeding and bruising occur .
do not take trisenox if you are allergic to arsenic trioxide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tretnox . patients with impaired kidney function , or with any other liver problems . your doctor may perform the following tests : potassium , magnesium , calcium , creatinine . before you start taking your medicine , you will have a blood test done to check the amount of potassium in your blood . this test will help your doctor decide whether you need to take a different dose . if your doctor determines that you have low levels of potassium or magnesium in the blood , he / she may perform further tests to monitor the level of potassium and calcium in your urine or blood ; or a decrease in the level and type of fats in the
treatment with trisenox should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of patients with acute promyelocytic leukaemia . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if your disease is better , your doctor may decide that your dose should be reduced to a minimum of 60 mg per kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you taking into account your weight , and how well you respond to treatment . the recommended dose is as follows : a first course of treatment consisting of 20 doses given 5 days per week ( followed by 2 days interruption ) for 4 weeks followed by 4 weeks interruption . you will usually only be given one treatment cycle of 4 weeks in combination with other medicines . duration of treatment continue to follow your doctor ' s advice on how long your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you have a condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes difficulty in breathing , coughing , chest pain and fever . other side effects include : very common : severe allergic reaction , which causes severe difficulty in breath , fever , sudden weight gain , water retention , fainting and palpitations ( strong heartbeat you can feel in your chest ) while on treatment with trisenox . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fatigue ( weariness ) and decreased appetite . uncommon : diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) loss of appetite , weight loss , dizziness on standing up which causes fatigue , shortness of
what trisenox contains - the active substance is arsenic trioxide . one ml of concentrate contains 1 mg of arsénic trioxider . each vial of 1 . 10 mL contains 10 mg ofarsenical trioxidide . - after dilution , each millilitre of the concentrate contains 3 . 5 mg of sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ), corresponding to a concentration of 2 . 4 mg / m2 of hydrochloric acid . see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of trisennox ' for further information on sodium . what arisenox looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate for solution for infusion ( sterile concentrate ) is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution . it is supplied in glass vials
lemtrada contains the active substance alemtuzumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . they are designed to attach to specific targets in your body , so that your immune system can attack and destroy the disease . what is multiple sclerosis ( ms ) ? lemTrada is used to treat relapses in adults with minimal disability despite treatment with a medicine called beta - interferon injected by your doctor , who has no symptoms or no symptoms at all . lem trada is intended for use in adults who have relapsing forms of mn , an autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system ( e . g ., the brain and spinal cord ), and the immune system .
do not use lemtrada if you are allergic to alemtuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are infected with the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . you have an autoimmune disease called multiple sclerosis ( ms ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have high blood pressure , tears in blood vessels , especially in your brain ( which can lead to a stroke , heart attack or chest pain ) you have a bleeding disorder . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before using lemsrada . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for autoimmune conditions develop other conditions , which can be serious . these include : depression , anxiety , nightmares 
lemtrada will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will give you the infusion once every 5 days . after the 5 - day infusion , you will be treated every 3 days one year later . if you miss a dose , do not worry . you may not be given the next dose until your doctor tells you otherwise . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg for every kilogram ( kg ) of body weight . when you are treated for long term low doses , this will be until you reach a maintenance dose of less than 3 mg / kg . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may change the dose and total number of days of treatment based on your response . method of administration swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not break or crush the tablets as this may affect the way the medicine is 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 2 months or more after the last lemtrada injection . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : autoimmune conditions ( see section 2 under ' warnings and precautions '): haemophilia ( a bleeding disorder ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): unexpected bruising , nose bleeds , painful or swollen joints . bleeding may occur regardless of type and location of the bleeding . your doctor will discuss with you whether this medicine is suitable for you or recommend that you stop taking it . severe bleeding ( itp ) has been reported in patients treated with lem
what lemtrada contains - the active substance is alemtuzumab . each ml contains 12 mg of alemmtunab ( 40 mg in 0 . 12 mL ). -the other ingredients are disodium phosphate dihydrate , disomedium edetate potassium chloride , water for injections , polysorbate 80 ( e433 ), sodium chloride ( for ph adjustment ). see section 2 , " lemTrada contains sodium ". what lemptrada looks like and contents of the pack lem trada is supplied as a concentrate for solution for infusion ( sterile concentrate ). the clear to slightly opalescent and colourless to pale yellow solution is provided in a glass vial with a rubber stopper . pack size of 1 vial .
filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to the natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgranstim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells . accofil is used - in combination with chemotherapy to help increase the number of cells in your body before you are undergoing bone metering , in order to reduce the risk of neutropenia ( low number of white blood cell in the blood ). - to stimulate your blood cells after you have hiv infection , if you are at high risk of developing a serious condition called ' retrovirus '.
do not use accofil : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . please tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have sickle cell anaemia , as this medicine may increase the risk of sickle - cell crisis . you have osteoporosis ( bone disease which starts in the upper right belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your left shoulder . this may result in a enlarge spleen ( ph - positive ), a condition referred to as ' plenomegaly ', with the possibility of rupture of sypleen . your doctor may want
accofil will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the treatment of neutropenia ( low number of neutrophils , a type of white blood cells ) following chemotherapy . the recommended dose is : - one kilogram of body weight ( equivalent to 60 kilograms ) once daily for 30 days . your doctor will tell you how many days of treatment you should be given . - then , the usual duration of treatment is 14 days without treatment with any other type of medicine called bone marrow transplantation . for children and adolescents weighing less than 1 kilogram ( kg ) per kilogram body weight given as an infusion . this will give you the lowest possible effective response to the treatment . you will normally receive your infusion once every day for the first 60 days and then another 60 days at the end of the chemotherapy cycle . after that , you will receive your first dose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately during treatment if you notice any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction : weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling of face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : very rare side effects that may show up in blood tests are : increase in the level of some liver enzymes , which may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) a condition called " se
what accofil contains - the active substance is filgrastim . each pre - filled syringe contains 30 million international units [ miu ] ( 600 microgram ) of filgrastortim in 0 . 5 ml of solution . -the other ingredients are acetic acid , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 80 and water for injections . what a comfil pack looks like and contents of the pack a solution for injection ( injection ) is a clear , colourless to slightly yellowish solution , provided in a single use clear glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and flip - off plastic cap . one pack contains 1 single - use vial . packs of 1 , 7 and 10 vials are available . not all pack
perjeta contains the active substance pertuzumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adults with a type of breast cancer called " metastatic " breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( e . g . the lungs or liver ). perjea can be used alone or in combination with other anticancer medicines ( chemotherapy ). it can also be used in patients whose cancer has come back or has not responded to other treatments . this is called " treatment for cancer that is sensitive to the presence of eggs , eggs or other substances in the body , or if surgery ( including surgery ) is not recommended . perjet , along with " neoadjuvant therapy ", works by slowing down the growth and spread of cancer in your body . as a result , the cancer cells have a new
do not use perjeta : - if you are allergic to pertuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using perjea if : you have problems with your heart ( see section 4 ). before you are given perjecta , your doctor should check that your heart is working properly . you have ever had heart problems ( such as heart failure , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , recent heart attack ) or your heart function may need to be checked more frequently . if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), ask your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents under 18 years old . other medicines and per
perjeta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of an experienced doctor . it is given into a vein ( intravenously ) as a drip ( infusions ) over a period of approximately one hour . your doctor will decide if you will receive this treatment , depending on the type of surgery you have been given and on your dosing schedule ( neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy ). how much and how often will i have to take ? the recommended dose for adults and children is based on the following cancer treatments : - trastuzumab andchemotherapy - the infusion rate for adults is 840 mg / m2 of body surface area . each infusion will last about 60 minutes . the dose for children may be reduced if the side effects are too great 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : diarrhoea low number of red ( or white blood cells ) cells shown in blood test fever or infection feeling sick ( nausea ) fever chills feeling tired headache loss of appetite joint and muscle pains hot flushes allergic and anaphylactic ( allergic ) reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction such as rash , itching , hives or swelling of your face . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash low white blood cell counts
what perjeta contains - the active substance is pertuzumab . each vial contains 420 mg of pertunab in 30 ml at a concentration of 0 . 05 mmol / l .- the other ingredients are glacial acetic acid , l- histidine , sucrose , polysorbate 20 and water for injections . see section 2 . what perjea looks like and contents of the pack Perjeta is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale brownish - yellow solution in a glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and a plastic flip - off cap . the vials are provided with an automatic transfer needle and are supplied with an injection needle - pack size of one vial per carton containing 14 single - dose vial
pergoveris is a medicine that contains the active substance follitropin alfa . it belongs to a group of medicines called " luteinising hormones ", which work by blocking the action of certain enzymes called " gonadotropins " ( fsh ) and " lh - adrenoreceptor kinase - 1 receptor antagonists ". flh is involved in the normal functioning of the ovaries , and it is used to treat women ( aged 18 years and older ) with low levels of certain hormones in their blood ( deficiency ). it may also be used in women who are not ovulating because their body is not able to produce enough sperm before they are given this medicine .
you and your partner ' s fertility should be evaluated before the use of pergoveris if you or your partner have any fertility problems . 62 if your partner has a brain tumour ( hypothalamus or pituitary gland ) that affects the production of hormones that control the flow of blood between the ovaries and sacs of fluid within the womb ( ovarian cysts ) or vaginal bleeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using pergOVERis : if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . before starting treatment , your doctor will check if the recommended dose and frequency of administration are acceptable . men should not breast - feed during treatment . tell your follicles are infertile due to a low level of fertility . it is not recommended to use
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . pergoveris is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). this is to reduce skin irritation caused by the injection of a medicine called follitropin alfa ( fsh ). the recommended dose is one vial of 0 . 5 ml ( corresponding to 7 to 14 iu ). if your doctor decides that you need a higher or lower dose than recommended , the dose may be delayed or stopped , depending on the results of the individual clinical outcome . a second injection may be given after 24 to 48 hours after the first dose . your doctor will decide on the correct dose based on the outcome of the occurrence of reversible ultrasound scans . in order to avoid blood tests it is recommended that a minimum
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to stop using pergoveris . allergic reactions if allergic reactions occur , the symptoms may include rash , red skin , hives , swelling of the face , difficulty breathing . the most common side effect is ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ), which may be associated with abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting . in a small number of cases , these symptoms may be reversible or occur repeatedly . during the ovaries , spontaneous sacs of fluid ( cysts ) develop in association with the treatment and may be life - threatening ( see also section 2 ).
what pergoveris contains the active substance is follitropin alfa ( human chorionic gonadotropin ), produced by recombinant dna technology . each powder vial contains 150 iu ( international units ) or 11 micrograms ( i . e . 4 . 5 microgram ) of b - hygrostatin . after reconstitution , each millilitre of solution contains 75 microgram ( methonine ), polysorbate 20 , phosphoric acid , sodium hydroxide , bromobutyl , and water for injections . what perggoveris looks like and contents of the pack pergOVERis is presented as a powder and solvent for solution for injection . the powder is white to off - white and the solvent is clear and colourless . perg
puregon solution contains the active substance follitropin beta , which belongs to a group of hormones called gonadotropins ( fsh ), which are involved in reproduction and fertility . puregon is used in women to help develop small - round sacs of eggs called infertility . these sacs are used either alone or in combination with another medicine called clomifene citrate which is used for ovulation ( in vitro fertilisation , ivf ) or with high hormone levels in women .
do not use puregon : - if you are allergic to follitropin beta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using puregon and during treatment if : you have a tumour of the ovary , breast or uterus ( womb ) or testis ( a test of the brain , pituitary gland or hypothalamus ). you have unexplained irregular vaginal bleeding . you have been told that you have primary ovarian failure ( ohss ), or you have ever had ovaries that do not produce enough of the hormone oestrogens . this is because puregon may increase the risk of ovulation . your doctor will discuss this with you . other medicines and puregon tell your
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much puregon is given the recommended dose is one vial of puregon that will be injected into your ovaries by ultrasound scanning . the dose may be increased or decreased by up to 7 to 14 mg per m2 of body surface area . during puregon treatment , your doctor will measure the amount of chorionic gonadotrophin ( hcg ) in your blood ( ivf ) and adjust the dose if necessary . a dose of 450 mg ( 0 . 5 ml ) should be administered 3 times a week . your doctor may recommend a higher or lower dose of 150 mg ( 1 . 75 mmol ) of hormone , once a month for 3 to 4 months . use in children pure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are related to hyperstimulation of the ovaries ( ovarian over stimulation syndrome ), which can be diagnosed by routine ultrasound scans of your fvaries and blood hormone levels . if you experience pain in your stomach , feeling sick , or diarrhoea , please contact your doctor who will decide on the best treatment for you . there may also be a history of enlargement of the vagina , resulting in accumulation of fluid in the abdomen ( chest ). tell your doctor immediately if accompanied by sudden weight gain or fluid build up in the womb . these may be symptoms of a condition called tumour lysis syndrome ( ohss ). the follicles may become damaged and difficult to treat . other side effects may include
what puregon contains the active substance is follitropin beta . each puregon 50 micrograms powder for solution for injection contains 50 iu ( international units ), corresponding to 0 . 5 x 109 / ml . puregon 47 . 7 % solution for ph adjustment : each vial contains 49 . 9 x 11 . 3 x 12 . 4 x 24 . 8 x 25 . 2 x 26 . 6 x 33 . 1 x 51 . 38 mm puregon 75 mbq / alpha is produced in the laboratory by recombinant dna technology . the reconstituted solution is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution . it is available in packs of 1 , 10 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 , 90 
efient contains the active substance prasugrel . it belongs to a group of medicines called thrombus inhibitors . platelets are very small cells in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . when a blood vessel is damaged , for example , when it has been cut , platelets can form inside the blood vessel . this can cause a thrombotic effect , such as bleeding . if clots form within a hardened blood vessel such as an artery they can be very dangerous as they can cut off the blood supply , causing a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ), stroke , or death . these are very common in people treated for clotings in arteries . your heart may also be affected by a condition known as unstable angina ( a severe chest pain 
do not take efient : - if you are allergic to prasugrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , swollen face , particularly if your lips or shortness of breath have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding , such as bleeding from the stomach or intestines . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking efieient if : you have ever had a stroke or a transient ischaemic attack ( tia ). you have severe liver disease which leads to increased risk of bleeding . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with ffient temporarily . you are currently taking any medicines which stop bleeding
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is 10 mg once a day . your doctor will gradually increase your dose over the next 10 days to a maximum of 60 mg once daily . if your condition worsens after a few weeks , your doctor may decide to start treatment with a lower dose , which may be gradually increased to the recommended dose for you , until your doctor determines that your disease is stabilised , and then gradually increasing your dose to the full dose of 75 mg , or 5 mg acetylsalicylic acid per day , as determined by your doctor . you will usually start by taking a low dose of 325 mg twice daily , at about the same time every day ( a total of 56 to 84 to 98 tablets ), until your condition
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - numbness or weakness of the arm , leg or face , especially if only on one side of the body - confusion , difficulty speaking or understanding others - difficulty in walking - loss of balance - dizziness - headache - stroke - not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . a stroke is a rare side effect that can occur after you have been given efient . it is important to try and minimise the risk of stroke due to a transient ischaemic attack ( tia ). if any of these symptoms occur , contact your doctor or seek medical advice immediately . you may experience a reaction at the injection site , such as pain , swelling , or n
what efient contains - the active substance is prasugrel . - a fd & nvr - 5 mg film - coated tablets each tablet contains 10 mg of praSugrell ( as hydrochloride ). - an adroedic acidity Finder applicator containing 5 milligrams ( mg ) for each tablet , corresponding to 7 . 2 millilitres of perforated unit , equivalent to 8 . 3 milliliters of pfizer . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ( i )), mannitol ( k30 ), croscarmellose sodium ( hypromellose ), lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ) - titanium dioxide (
riprazo contains an active substance called aliskiren . aliaskiren belongs to a new class of medicines called renin inhibitors , which help to lower high blood pressure . some renIN inhibitors reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can produce . angiotes increase the workload of the blood vessels , such as the heart and arteries . by doing so , reducing their workload helps to reduce the damage to blood vessels in the brain , heart and kidneys and may result in a stroke or heart failure in particular if you have had a heart attack or stroke , or if someone else has taken your medicine .
do not take riprazo : - if you are allergic to aliskiren or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). angioedema ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if this applies to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . before taking the medicine , make sure that your doctor knows if : you have experienced the following forms of angioenodema , ( problems in breathing , swallowing or swelling , sometimes in the face with the palms of your hands and soles of the hands and legs , as well as of course ; you have eyes 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important to follow instructions from the doctor , pharmacist or nurse exactly as they have told you to get them . when to take riprazo take the tablet once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . the tablets should be swallowed whole . do not crush , break , or chew the tablet before swallowing . these instructions are only to reduce the risk of side effects . keeping your appointments with the tablet until you are feeling well - this medicine will usually be taken over a period of one to two weeks after first starting the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long you should keep
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if any of the following happen , tell your doctor straight away : allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , dizziness . other possible side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people diarrhoea joint pain ( arthralgia ) high level of potassium in the blood ( alanine aminotransferase ) rare : might affect uptyrosine a ( anaemia ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data low level of red blood cells ( an
what riprazo contains the active substance is aliskiren ( as hemifumarate ) 150 mg film - coated tablets . the other ingredients are crospovidone , hypromellose , magnesium stearate in the tablet core as well as talc , macrogol , microcrystalline cellulose , povidone and colloidal anhydrous silica . in addition , the film coating contains titanium dioxide ( e 171 ) and black iron oxide ( only e 172 ), red iron oxide , yellow , and , of course , all other ingredients belong to a group of medicines that make up a special diet for your weight . what rippedrazo looks like and contents of the pack ripozao 150 mg tablets are light - pink , biconvex , oval - shaped , film 
what lacosamide ucb is and how it works this medicine contains a medicine called lacoSamide . this belongs to a group of medicines called " antiepileptic medicines ". these medicines are used to treat epilepsy . you have been given this medicine to lower the number of fits ( seizures ) you have . what la cosamide is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is used : on its own and in association with other epileptic medicines to treat a certain type of exacerbation of a seizure with or without secondary generalisation ; in these patients , the condition is a state where the fits initially initially affect only one side of your brain . however , these may then spread to larger areas on both sides of your body . if you are given other antiecileptic
do not take lacosamide ucb : - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking lacoSamide for a certain type of heart beat . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . some patients taking acacia have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . a small number of people being treated with antiepileptic medicinal products such as lisinopril and erythropoietin are having any of these thoughts at the start of the treatment or after stopping treatment , as discussed with their doctor . have a heart problem that affects the beat of the heart and is often caused by a particulary slow , fast or irregular heart beat (
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of lacosamide ucb is one tablet once a day in the morning . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you will usually start by taking a low dose each day and your medicine will slowly get better over time . when to take swallow the tablets whole , with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food ; however , do not break , crush , or chew the tablets . swallow the desiccant canister contained in a plastic bottle containing a small amount of plain , white to off - white powder . do not chew or crush the tablets as this may affect the way the medicine works . la
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . nervous system side effects such as dizziness have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). if you get headache , feel dizzy and feel sick ( nausea ), have double vision ( diplopia ) and are seen rarely . have also been reported in patients who have received previous treatment with a similar medicine . are elderly or have a history of muscle or tendons ( myoclonic seizures ). experience difficulties in coordinating your movements or walking , problems in keeping your balance , shaking ( tremor ), tingling ( paresthesia ) or fainting ( syncope ). are aware of any unusual movements that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . do not attempt suicide unless you are
what lacosamide ucb contains - the active substance is lacoSamide . one tablet of 50 mg contains 50 mg of lacopoetin delta ( as mesilate ). one tablet ( of 100 mg ) contains 100 milligrams of laco . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), maize starch , talc , water for injections . lactoses are not included in this medicine . - each tablet contains 150 mg of debossed ' 150 mg ' on one side and plain on the other side . there is no other ingredient - content - making this medicine less effective . what la cosamide unexplained 150 mg film - coated tablets are supplied in bottles containing 150 mg or 200 mg of dubaggerated , unscored , uncoated
viekirax contains the active substances ombitasvir , paritaprevir and ritonavir . it is an antiviral medicine used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c , an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatis b virus . the three active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , allowing the virus to multiply in the cells of the body . by blocking these proteins , the antivirals can block and / or prevent the development of these viruses . as a result , these viruses will not reproduce themselves and the virus will not work properly . this medicine is always taken with another medicine , dasabuvir or ribavirin . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you have any questions about how vie
do not take viekirax : - if you are allergic to ombitasvir , paritaprevir / ritonavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have severe liver problems . you have ever had hepatitis c . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . some additional tests might be necessary . ask your doctor for advice before taking any medicine if : you are taking any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . there are some medicines that can affect the level of vitamin b12 in your blood . these include : other medicines of the same class ( s ) alfuzosin ( used to treat enlarged prostate amiodarone , disopyr
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this way , you can be sure your medicine is fully effective and you reduce the risk of the virus developing resistance to the treatment . the recommended dose of viekirax is one tablet a day . it does not matter what time of day you take your medicine . take it with food . do not break or chew the tablet ; you may take it at any time of the day , with food or between meals . these may be days of restlessness or an adjustment to the way things taste . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take your tablet with or without food , and do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . a broken or crushed tablet may taste bad and there is a possibility that you may lose a lot of the medicine
like all medicines , viekirax can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when this medicine is used alone , in combination with dasabuvir and ribavirin , you may experience allergic reactions that may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or light - headedness ( low blood pressure ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash or itching of the skin . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems , and / or you feel sick . these signs may be signs of an inflamed pancreas , which may cause severe abdominal ( belly ) pain , difficulty swallowing or breathing ( which may be severe ). your doctor may lower your dose , stop your treatment and tell you to take other medicines . this includes medicines you bought without a prescription 
what viekirax contains the active substance is ombitasvir . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg of paritaprevir , 50 mg of ritonavir ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : copovidone , tocofersolan , propylene glycol monolaurate , sorbitan monolausate , colloidal anhydrous silica ( e 551 ), sodium stearyl fumarate . tablet film coating : poly ( vinyl alcohol ), macrogol ( 3350 ), talc , titanium dioxide ( d171 ), red iron oxide ( red ) oxide ( black ) what viekrax looks like and contents of the pack viekix film , oval - shaped , biconvex tablets , debossed
this medicine contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates and is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to reduce the risk of other bone problems that may need surgery or radiotherapy . you may also be given this medicine if your tumour contains calcium . it is also used to prevent other calcium from being lost from your bones . by doing so , it reduces the risk that your bones become weaker .
do not take ibandronic acid accord : - if you are breast - feeding . if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported very rarely in the post - marketing setting . in this case , it is important to tell your doctor and dentist if it is a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . onj can also occur after stopping treatment . as a result of low calcium values , the treatment will be stopped and you will be monitored carefully for the development of these conditions . before you start treatment , your doctor will do a test to check your jaw and / or teeth , to make sure you have adequate dental health , gum disease , or a
ibandronic acid accord will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the treatment of cancer . it is given as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment to check that you are getting the right amount of this medicine . how much is given the usual dose is 0 . 25 mg / kg of body weight . if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones , it is usually given over 6 hours . the amount of medicine given will depend on how well the medicine is working for you . usually , treatment will be slow , but the dose may be reduced if your tumour grows and is not shrinking . for adults , this dose is given over 2 to 4 hours before the infusion into your vein ( intravenous infusion ). the doctor will decide how long you should be treated
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - eye pain - inflammation - pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . you may have early signs of a possible early - fracture of the femur bone . very rarely , you may experience higher doses . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms : pain or sore in your mouth or jaw , or any other jaw problems . your doctor may tell you to stop taking ibandronic acid accord or reduce the dose , stop taking this medicine and see your doctor immediately . most of these side effects are mild to moderate and go away within a few days . talk to your
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . ibandronic acid accord solution for injection or infusion is for single use only . when prepared as a solution for infusion , the product should be used immediately . the reconstituted solution must not be frozen . after reconstitution , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 36 hours at 2 to 8 , unless the solution is clear and colourless . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for cytotoxic material .
what ibandronic acid accord contains - the active substance is ibandronate . one ml of solution for infusion contains 0 . 5 mg / 3 . 6 mg i Bandronic acids accord 2 mg : one vial of powder for concentrate for solution for subcutaneous injection ( see section 2 under ' sodium '). - after reconstitution , 2 g of liquid is added to the vial to form a solution that is essentially free from particles . - afterwards the solution is clear , colourless and free from visible particles , and is supplied in a pack containing 1 , 4 , 6 or 6 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed . the following pack sizes are available : - vial containing 5 , 10 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 , 90 , 
emselex is a medicine used to treat the symptoms of an overactive bladder : - in adult men , the bladder does not work properly because it relaxes in the muscles of the bladder , which can lead to symptoms such as tiredness , urge incontinence and other abdominal discomfort .
do not take emselex : - if you are allergic to darifenacin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . talk to a doctor or nurse before or while taking any other medicine , including medicines obtained without a prescription , if : you have urinary retention ( an inability to empty your bladder ) or gastric retention ( problems emptying of your stomach ) you have narrow - angle glaucoma ( high pressure in the eyes ). you have ever had loss of eyesight due to myasthenia gravis and experience tiredness and weakness of your muscles . you have ulcerative colitis or toxic megacolon ( a condition that causes dilation of the colon ). this medicine may cause abdominal ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . emselex is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . the recommended dose is one capsule per day . for elderly patients ( over 65 years of age ), a dose of one capsule can be taken with or without food . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . take the capsules at the same time each day , leaving approximately 15 minutes between each capsule . do not take more capsules than your doctor tells you to . people with liver problems there is no experience with the use of this medicine in patients with severe kidney problems . taking this medicine - swallow the capsule whole , with some water , in the morning and the evening . it is important to continue to take erythropoie
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . some side effects could be serious allergic reactions including swelling of the face or throat have been reported during treatment with emselex . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 44 dry mouth and constipation common cold : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people headache abdominal pain indigestion feeling sick dry eyes numbness , tingling or burning in the hands or feet dizziness difficulty in swallowing ( syncope ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dry eyes ( glaucoma ) ear pain , wheezing , cough , stuffy nose and diarr
what emselex contains - the active substance is darifenacin . each film - coated tablet contains 2 . 5 mg of darifentacin ( as hydrobromide ). the other ingredients are : calcium hydrogen phosphate , anhydrous , hypromellose , magnesium stearate , polyethylene glycol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( nvr ), sunset yellow fcf aluminium / oblong tablet with rounded corners . the tablet can be divided into equal doses . pack sizes of 14 , 28 , 56 or 98 tablets , or 140 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
aldara is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance condylomata acuminata . it belongs to a group of medicines called benzodiazepine - related medicinal products . these medicinal products contain erythropoietin and are produced by recombinant dna technology . they act in different ways to destroy warts and destroy them . condensation of the genitals and anus are common in women with basal cell carcinoma . this medicine is used to treat a type of skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , especially if it is fair - skinned and does not respond to sun exposure . when used in combination with other medicines , these treatments may not work as well if you are exposed to direct sunlight or uv ( ultraviolet ) light .
do not use aldara - if you are allergic to imiquimod or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 26 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . you may need a different dose , or your dose may need to be changed . tell your doctor if this applies to you . your doctor may decide to change your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . before starting treatment , your doctor will check that your immune system is working properly . it is very important that you do not receive aldaracy during treatment with this medicine until you have established stabilisation mechanisms . when using other medicines , aldarre may affect the way some other medicines work . this may make you feel uncomfortable , especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . the doctor will help you to remember to take the tablets , and may ask you to
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . aldara is only suitable for use by physicians who are experienced in the treatment of genital warts , for example in patients with advanced basal cell carcinoma or actinic keratosis . the recommended dose of these treatments is one wart of 28 cm2 per day . wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . do not touch the area where the medicine was applied and do not remove the fingertip . how long to use use the treatment for your wart your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if the wart has come back , treatment should be started with a minimum of 6 to 10 days per week . it is recommended that you use the first dose at least 6 weeks after the first treatment and at least 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients aged 1 to 10 years were : common side effects observed in less than 1 in 100 patients treated with aldara , except for the occasional serious side effects seen in a clinical study . reported side effects in children aged 1 year and older : less than1 user in 100 ; side effects found in 0 . 5 million people these side effects are described below by their frequency . if they happen to you , tell your doctor as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . for more information , see section 2 , ' warnings and precautions ', and section 4 .
what aldara contains - the active substance is imiquimod . each 250 mg pen delivers a dose of 5 mg / ml in the form of a sterile , clear , colourless to pale yellow solution in a pre - filled syringe . the other ingredients are isostearic acid , benzyl alcohol ( e 453 ), cenel alcohol , gelatin , pregelatinised starch ( maize ), thiomersal , white soft paraffin , polysorbate 60 , and sorbitan stearate .  the solvent contains glycerol , water for injections . this medicine contains methyl hydroxybenzoate ( a 218 ), propyl benzoate ( 1 , 000 mg ) and xanthan gum .
tritanrix hepb is a vaccine used to protect adults against diphtheria , tetanus , lockjaw , pertussis , whooping cough , and hepatitis b . each person who is vaccinated with diphetheria will have a specific set of protection mechanisms . these include the mechanisms that make the skin inflamed and swollen , as well as other breathing difficulties and possible suffocation . the bacteria also make a toxin that causes nerve damage , including heart and lung function .
do not use tritanrix hepb : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you or your child : 33 have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any vaccine against diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis , whooping cough , or any other hepatitis b diseases . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . a serious allergic reaction can happen within 24 - 72 hours after the vaccine is given . have had any previous infection with a different vaccine to make sure that your child completed the complete vaccination course . tell your doctor or nurse if any of these applies to you . other medicines
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radioactivity . tritanrix hepb will be given to you by a doctor or nurse with experience in the use of anti - cancer medicines . it will be difficult for you to complete the course of three injections . you will be told when you should come back for the next injection . if you miss your scheduled injection , you should contact your doctor for advice . make sure you finish the complete vaccination course . this will ensure that there is always enough medicine in your body to protect you against the diseases . all injections should be given at the same time of the year . the doctor will tell you when you can resume your course of treatment . for the first injection a booster dose ( booster ) is required after the first two injections have been given . your doctor will decide exactly how long you should be protected . detailed instructions
like all medicines , tritanrix hepb can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects listed below have been reported during clinical trials with tritanțarix hispb . very common side effects ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): pain or discomfort at the injection site redness or swelling at injection site fever , drowsiness irritability crying feeding problems uncommon side effects these may happen with up to 1 in 1 , 000 doses . uncommon side effect ( these can occur with upto 1 in 100 doses or more ). side effects where the frequency is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) include : very common injection site reactions . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days of stopping the vaccine from working . not known side effects in children less than 1
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister , after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . tritanrix hepb will be stored in the pharmacy , below 25 . before use , the vaccine may be used . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 6 - 8 , unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . the following measures have been taken to protect the environment .
what tritanrix hepb contains - the active substances are : 1 strain of diphtheria toxoid1 less than 30 iu tetanus antigen1 , 60 micrograms 1adsorbed on aluminium hydroxide 0 . 2 milligrams al3 + 3produced in yeast cells ( saccharomyces cerevisiae ) by recombinant dna technology . this vaccine contains trace amounts of hepatitis b surface antigen2 , 3 times per injection . the other ingredients are ethanol , water for injections , and sodium chloride , for ph adjustment ( see section 2 ). solvent : after reconstitution , one ml of solution contains 2 . 3 mg / kg of sodium per dose , that is to say essentially
jardiance contains the active substance empagliflozin which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . what jar diance is used for this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who are also receiving other medicines for diabetes . they are either used alone or in combination with metformin ( another diabetes medicine ) or together with other medicines . how jardeiance works this medicine works by blocking the action of an enzyme in the body called " glucose - lowering ". this causes glucose to be removed from the body via your kidneys , heart and blood vessels , and can help to control your blood sugar levels . this can also help to reduce the amount of sugar made by your body .
do not take jardiance - if you are allergic to empagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness you experience a sweet smell to your breath , a special sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of jardiance is 10 mg once a day , taken with or without food . your doctor may increase your dose to a maximum of 25 mg once per day . you should take this dose every day at the same time of the day with food , i . e . one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . it is best to take the tablets with a meal . this will help you remember to take it . patients with kidney problem : take a diabetes medicine , or follow your doctor ' s advice about the diet and exercise program . follow the advice on taking this medicine by mouth and / or giving it to your child at the right time . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious stop taking jardiance and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : serious allergic reaction ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) possible signs of severe allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing . diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs and symptoms of diabetic potassiumoacidis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). these are increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being sick stomach ( stomach ache ) being sick ( vomiting ) itching
what jardiance contains - the active substance is empagliflozin . each film - coated tablet contains 10 mg or 25 mg emp glifling . the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see end of section 2 ), microcrystalline cellulose , low - substituted hydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), croscarmellose sodium ( type a ). see section 2 under ' jardeiance has a low sodium ') tablet coating : colloidal anhydrous silica , magnesium stearate , hypromellose , titanium dioxide , macrogol ( 6000 ), iron oxide yellow , indigo carmine aluminium lake , sunset yellow fcf aluminium / oblong tablet with a diameter of 7 mm 
revatio contains the active substance sildenafil . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ', which work by blocking blood vessels to the lungs . - it is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from 1 to 17 years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the pulmonary arteries ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ).
do not take revatio if : you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are taking medicines containing nitrates , or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrogen . this is a group of medicines (" poppers "). you have been told by your doctor that you have chest pain ( angina pectoris ) and you are not certain . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are currently taking riociguat , another medicine used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ph - positive all ). this is when you have high blood pressure in the lungs ( thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ) or when your blood pressure is not controlled with medicines that thin the blood to
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults , the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 6 to 8 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents under the age of 1 year or in adolescents ( aged 1 to 17 years ) weighing at least 10 kg or more : a 20 mg tablet may be used as a starting dose . your doctor may advise a higher or lower dose , as this medicine is not recommended for children or teenagers weighing 20 kg or less . children , adolescents and adults up to 20 kg the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on body weight . other pharmaceutical forms may be more appropriate for administration to patients weighing less than 20 kg and for patients not able to swallow tablets .
like all medicines , revatio can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the side effects below contact a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 , " possible side effects "). one of the effects reported in association with sildenafil is : sudden decrease or loss of vision ( frequency not known ). erections that last continuously for more than 4 hours are possible . more prolonged and sometimes painful erEctions have been reported in men after taking sildrenafil . side effects that may occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : headache ; facial flushing ; indigestion ; diarrhoea ; pain in the arms and legs . the following side effects have also been reported : very common : may affect more than 1 person in 10 ; night sweats ;
what revatio contains - the active substance is sildenafil . each tablet contains 20 mg of silDENafil ( as the citrate ).  the other ingredients are :  tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate ( anhydrous ), croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate .  film coat : poly ( vinyl alcohol ) , hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), lactose monohydrate , and glycerol triacetate . the film - coating contains : white to off - white , round , biconvex film coated tablets with ' t ' debossed on one side and ' 20 / 20 ' on the other side . blister pack : the 90 mg tablets are packed in
do not take temozolomide sun : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking your medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include itchiness , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - certain types of blood cells ( white blood cells , platelets , myelosuppression ) may be reduced , leading to a reduced number of these cells . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure it is
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide sun . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and if you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking temozalomide to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma undergoing radiotherapy will receive a second treatment . during the first phase of treatment , you will be given a radiotherapy ( concomitant phase ) in which you will interrupt treatment for one or more days . the recommended dose is : one 75 mg / m2 body surface area ( bm2 ) twice a day ( i . e . on days 1 , 2 , 4 ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills severe headache that does not go away . temozolomide sun treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising or bleeding ( anaemia ), or a reduced number of red blood cells with fever and / or reduced resistance to infections . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to a very severe form of amenorrhoea ( abnormal blood cell count ). your doctor will monitor your
what temozolomide sun contains - the active substance is temozalomide . each hard capsule contains 5 mg temazolomide ( as sodium starch glycolate ). the other ingredients are : capsule content : tartaric acid ( type a ) and stearic Acid ( see section 2 ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine '). capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), sodium laurilsulfate , propylene glycol , yellow iron oxide , and blue # 1 / brilliant blue fcf aluminum lake , indigo carmine aluminium lake and xanthan gum . the capsules are provided in blister packs containing 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 84 , 90 , 100 , 112 , 150 , 200
the active substance in procysbi is cysteamine ( mercaptamine ). it belongs to a group of medicines called aminoglycosides and is used to treat nephropathic cystinosis ( also known as octocog alfa ) in adults . cystine is produced by the body in the kidney , eye , muscle , pancreas and brain . this can lead to kidney damage , and the build - up of excess of glucose , proteins and electrolytes in the blood . when used regularly , cystine therapy may reduce the signs and symptoms of cystinenosis .
do not use procysbi : - if you are allergic to cysteamine ( mercaptamine or penicillamine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using and during treatment . before starting treatment , your doctor or pharmacist will check whether the treatment is suitable for you . cystineamine is a substance produced naturally in the body and is present in high amounts in the blood . therefore , you should avoid using cystsamine eye drops to prevent the development of new crystals in your eye . when using cysteam eye drops , keep the eye clear , obedient and free from choking . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 6 years because there is not enough information to be sure that the treatment can be
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one capsule each day with food . your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of procysbi to take . the capsules should be swallowed whole and not chewed , crushed or divided . do not chew , crush or split the capsule as it may affect the results of the tests . use in children and adolescents dosing for children below the age of 12 years is 1 capsule per day . this is a total daily dose of 1 capsule every 100 mg . for patients who cannot swallow capsules whole , the capsule may be crushed and mixed with water or other liquids ( e . g . milk , chocolate or milk ). do not give this medicine to children less than 6
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious get medical help immediately if you get any signs of a serious allergic reaction . if an allergic reaction occurs , including hives , difficulty breathing , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , stop taking procysbi and see a doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin rash ( generally mild to moderate ). if this happens to you , tell your doctor . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of the medicine or stop your treatment permanently . skin rashes may occur after the injection . tell a nurse or pharmacist . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines you are taking , so that you are
what procysbi contains - the active substance is cysteamine ( mercaptamine bitartrate ). each gastro - resistant hard capsule contains 25 mg or 75 mg of the active ingredient , which is equivalent to 0 . 5 mg of catalina methacrylic acid - ethyl acrylate copolymer , hypromellose ( e464 ), trieth - citrate , sodium lauryl sulfate , gelatin , titanium dioxide , povidone ( k - 17 ), titanium dioxide and , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( dvtc ) what progynbi looks like and contents of the pack procarysba 25 mg is a white , oval , biconvex , yellow film - coated tablet ,
alkindi is a medicine that contains the active substance hydrocortisone , which is similar to the hormone cortisol that is produced by your adrenal glands . it is used to treat adults with a condition called ' adrenal insufficiency ', also known as ' congenital adrenal hyperplasia '.
do not use alkindi if you are allergic to hydrocortisone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . you should tell the doctor if any of these applies to you . swallow food or drink straight away . infection or vomiting should be reported immediately after treatment with alkindisone . vaccinations should not be given after an operation . taking other medicines please tell your doctor about all the vaccinations that you are taking , including those that are going to be prescribed before your operation , as there is a possibility that you will not be fully protected against the diseases . before the operation your doctor will decide if the treatment should be changed . other medicines and alkinda tell your healthcare provider
alkindi is used in adults only . it should only be prescribed to you by a doctor with experience in the use of medicines to treat illnesses or surgical operations due to stress . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet ( 300 mg ) twice daily by mouth . use in children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and older ) the doctor will calculate the correct dose for you taking into account your weight , the size of the child and the amount of time needed to administer the medicine . dosage in children who are ill or who are injured during surgery or for other reasons , it is preferable to take the tablets with a small amount of water and be taken by mouth as follows : 34 - a daily dose of 35 mg ( half a tablet ) per day . - your doctor will
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any swelling or shortness of breath . these may be signs of a reaction to alkindi . they are usually mild to moderate and will usually disappear after a short time . if your doctor thinks you may be having a severe allergic reaction , you should contact your doctor straight away . the side effects listed below have been reported with the use of hydrocortisone . you may experience some changes in behaviour , including loss of contact with reality ( psychosis ), hallucinations , mental confusion and delirium ( overactivity ), mania , feeling of happiness and excitement , euphoria ( change in behaviour with severe stomach pains ), nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite
what alkindi contains - the active substance is hydrocortisone - allkindi . each film - coated tablet contains 0 . 5 mg , 1 mg or 1 mg hydrocorticosteroids - each 2 mg tablet contains 2 mg or 3 , 000 mg of hydrocorcortione . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , hypromellose , magnesium stearate , and ethyl cellulose ( e463 ), and - film coating : indigotine , shellac , propylene glycol , concentrated ammonia solution , potassium hydroxide , red iron oxide . - in this pack size , one carton contains 1 inhalation ( 280 mg ) and one inhaler .
this medicine contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . abasaglar is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes metastasised if a person is unable to make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar , because the body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . the body ' s own insulin is made by biotechnology . it is made specifically for each product that comes into contact with the bloodstream . when this medicine is used , it will help the body make better use of the medicine .
do not use abasaglar - if you are allergic to insulin glargine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) and injection technique . if your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ), follow the guidance for hypoglucaemia ( see box at the end of this leaflet ). the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . always check the label before each injection to ensure that you use the right type of insulin . this is to make sure that you are not getting enough insulin , and to continue to follow the diet and exercise plan . in emergency situations when you are ill ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one vial of abasaglar ( insulin glargine 300 units / ml ). your doctor will tell you when to check your blood glucose monitoring , and whether you need to carry out blood glucose tests . your doctor may tell you to take a different insulin based on your blood sugar level . you will need to have regular urine tests , while you are taking your medicine . this is to make sure that you do not need to take more than one insulin . short - acting insulin or high blood sugar levels can lead to a life - threatening problem . see section 2 for more information . how to handle the vials your doctor or nurse will show you in which type of insulin you should use . a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . abasaglar can cause your blood sugar level to fall ( hypoglycaemia ). it is important to read the package leaflets for these medicines as well as this leaflet . when you get to the hospital , check the label to make sure you get the ' right ' version of the insulin . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . this can sometimes happen after you start taking the medicine , or may stop it for a short period of time . often , people who take too much insulin may have symptoms of low sugar when they start using the wrong medicine . common ( may affect up to 1 in10 people ): if you have low blood glucose , if your blood glucose level falls too low 53 people
what abasaglar contains - the active substance is insulin glargine . each ml of the solution contains 100 units of insulin gleargine ( equivalent to 3 . 64 mg ).  each vial contains zinc oxide ( e172 ), metacresol , glycerol , sodium hydroxide ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine '), hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . what ' aBasaglarton looks like and contents of the pack abaseglar is a clear and colourless solution for injection , with no solid particles visible , and of a water - like consistency . the solution is clear , colourless and free from visible particles . one pack contains 1 , 3 or 300 units . packs of 1
starlix , which contains the active substance nateglinide , belongs to a group of medicines called oral antidiabetics . starlix is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adults . it is used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood . if you are already taking starlix with metformin or with another medicine , starlix works more quickly than other medicines , and your body is unable to use the insulin properly . this is the reason why this medicine has been prescribed by your doctor , because it does not work as well as it should . in some cases , your body may not produce enough insulin or it may change how quickly your body produces insulin , so it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your healthcare professional .
do not take starlix : - if you are allergic to nateglinide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking starlix and during treatment if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) you have uncontrolled hyperglycaemia ( high blood sugar ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 4 ). you experience excessive thirst , frequent urination , weakness , fatigue , nausea , shortness of breath , and confusion you have a liver problem . you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . starlix is not recommended for use in pregnant women . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these applies to you . other medicines and starlix starlix can affect the way some other medicines work .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of starlix is 60 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how much starlix you should take . if necessary , your doctor may adjust the dose to 180 mg once daily . you can take starlix with or without food . swallow the tablets with a glass of water immediately before or up to 1 hour before a meal . do not take more than 1 tablet in the morning and 1 hour after breakfast . this is to make sure that you have taken the correct dose . starlix should be taken every day , at the same time every day and not only when getting up from a lying or sitting position . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . in particular , 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with starlix were : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). the signs may include sweating , dizziness , shaking , weakness , hunger feeling your heart beating fast , tiredness and feeling sick ( nausea ). there may also be a lack of food in the blood . some symptoms need immediate medical attention . if you are given another anti - diabetic medicine , it is unlikely that you will be given too much or too little . tell your doctor as soon as possible . most of the time you are having a meal , eat something containing sugar . your doctor may decide to stop starlix . common side effects ( these can affect more than 1 person in 10 
what starlix contains - the active substance is nateglinide . each film - coated tablet contains 120 mg or 180 mg natlinide the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , cellulose , microcrystalline ; povidone ; croscarmellose sodium ; magnesium stearate ; silica , colloidal anhydrous . tablet coating : hypromellose ; titanium dioxide ( e171 ); macrogol 400 ; red ( 60 mg tablet only ) and yellow ( 180 mg tablet not included ). printing ink : shellac ; indigo carmine aluminium lake ; sunset yellow fcf aluminium / oblong tablet with " nvr " on one side and " 120 " on the other side . - starlix 180 mg film
quadramet is a medicine used to treat bone pain in adults . quadramеt attaches to the skeletal tissue in the body and helps to prevent bone growth . it is used to remove lesions of bone that have been previously treated . lesions are small changes in the bone structure which can cause pain .
you must not be given quadramet : - if you are allergic to ethylene diamine tetramethylene phosphonic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . you must tell your doctor before each treatment cycle if : you are pregnant or breast - feeding you are receiving chemotherapy or external radiation therapy you will be treated with this medicine for 6 weeks before you start treatment . before the start of treatment , your doctor will take blood samples to check how well your blood is working and will adjust your dose if necessary . during the 8 weeks after treatment : your platelets , white and red blood cell counts will be checked at regular intervals . if this is the case , you will not be able to receive this medicine until 6 weeks after the end
treatment with quadramet will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 37 micrograms for each kilogram of body weight , administered once every week ( i . e . 8 milligrams of megabecquerel , corresponding to 0 . 1 mmol / kg ). you will be given quadramеt by infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over approximately 8 weeks . after the injection , your nuclear medicine department will inform you about the usual duration of treatment and the time between doses . you should continue to use the medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . this is because stopping treatment may reduce the effectiveness of the treatment .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most undesirable effects of quadramet are white blood cells and platelets , which may increase the risk of bleeding . your doctor will monitor your blood counts during and after your quadramеt injection . bone pain may occur a few days after the quadramert injection and may be severe . please tell your doctor if you have pain medicine or other pain medicine that you are taking . other side effects may include : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , or vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , drowsiness , confusion , disturbance in sense of taste . in some cases , these side effects are mild or moderate . side effects which have been observed with adalimum
what quadramet contains - the active substances are samarium and lexidronam pentasodium . each ml of solution contains 0 . 5 mg ( equivalent to 3 . 75 mg ) of smarium , corresponding to 2 . 7 mg of lexiviam powder . - there is no other ingredient , calcium - edtmp sodium salt , which is present in high density polyethylene ( ph - adjusted ) water for injections . for additional information on sodium , please refer to the end of this leaflet for further information about sodium . this medicine is available in pre - filled syringes with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . pack size of 15 ( 2 packs of 1 ).
zostavax is a vaccine which helps to protect you against shingles and zoster . zOSTavax will not be used on its own . it is used for the treatment of post - herpetic neuralgia ( phn ), a condition that causes nerve pain that can lead to shingles . the vaccine works by causing the shingles to come back in , in mild cases . you should not have been given shingles on any day you have had a lot of pain during a shingles episode . your doctor will talk to you about how to prevent shingles from coming back . most people get shingles after the first few days of treatment ; however , shingles can be painful and blistering rash all over the body .
do not use zostavax : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) - to neomycin , a medicine used to treat a blood disorder , or a disease affecting the immune system ( e . g . tuberculosis ) 39 warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . it is important that you and your doctor record the brand name and batch number of the vaccine , as well as the batch number ( included on the outer cartons and labels of the individual blister packs ) that you have been given . this is to make sure that the medicine being prepared and given is a clear and colourless to slightly yellow solution . take special care with zOSTavax tell your doctor
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . zostavax is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) or into a muscle , usually in the upper arm . your doctor will tell you how much medicine you must take . treatment with this medicine should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of blood clotting disorder . it is not possible to measure the number of platelets in your blood when you first start using this medicine . you or someone else might also give your injection if they have problems with the injection . this medicine is for single use only . instructions for use the pre - filled syringe provided in the box . injection needles are not included with the pen . each pen contains 0 . 5 ml of solution enough for one injection 
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions . such reactions may include difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you have an allergic reaction , stop injecting the vaccine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : common : may affect more than 1 in every 10 people : redness , pain , swelling or itching at the injection site . uncommon : might affect upt o 1 to 10 in every 100 people warmth , bruising , hard lump , and rash at injection site common ; may affect from 1 to10 in every 1 . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : injection site reactions , such as pain and redness at the
what zostavax contains the active substances are : 1 dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) contains : varicella - zoster virus1 expressed in plaque , containing 1 g of chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell line . the other ingredients are hydrolysed gelatin , sodium chloride , potassium dihydrogen phosphate ( for ph adjustment ), potassium chloride and monosodium l - glutamate monohydrate , disodium perchloride and water for injections . sodium hydroxide and urea are also included in the package of medicines used to treat hpv . what you need to know before you or your child have been given the vaccine , tell your doctor or nurse if you are not sure about anything . not all pack sizes may be marketed
nutropinaq contains the active substance somatropin , a human erythropoietin produced by recombinant dna technology . it belongs to a group of medicines called " biotechnology medicines ". these medicines contain a substance called " human doxorubicin - adrenoreceptor - activation factor xa , which is produced by the brain and other bones in the body . in human cells , these substances are broken down by the body and accumulate in the blood and become exacerbated . this results in a condition called " turner syndrome " which is a genetic abnormality caused by a defect in the sexual chromosome . abnormal results may occur in people whose kidneys do not work as well as they should . the abnormality causes the bones to become weaker , and the
do not use nutropinaq - if you are allergic to somatropin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have or have ever had problems with your bones . you have a large tumour ( cancer ). your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of the tumour and may change your dose , interrupt , or stop your treatment if necessary . 35 you have an active tumour and you are treated with anti - tumour treatment to reduce the risk of complications , e . g ., major surgery , open - heart or abdominal surgery or trauma , respiratory failure , visual changes , headache , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , as these may be signs of a condition affecting the brain ( intracranial hypertension
nutropinaq therapy should be started under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the treatment of growth hormone deficiency . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . when to start treatment your doctor will determine the correct dose of this medicine depending on your condition and bodyweight . the usual starting dose is 0 . 5 mg of bodyweight given once a week . during treatment , your doctor may adjust the dose and the intensity of the disease based on your bodyweight and / or the condition itself . patients with turner syndrome whose bodyweight has not improved after a kidney transplant whose condition is not well controlled or if the patient is unsuitable for treatment with other medicines . if your child is an adult and weighing less than or equal to 40 kg , the dose may be adjusted by your doctor 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience new or worsening birthmarks ( moles ) associated with melanocytic naevus . these may be signs of a tumour . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens you should contact your physician immediately . - visual changes , such as headaches , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , may occur in the brain ( intracranial hypertension ). this occurs more often in people taking nutropinaq therapy . it is important that you also read the leaflets for the other medicines that you are taking at the same time , as the medicine may not work very well . for more information , see the section " warnings and precautions "
what nutropinaq contains powder : - the active substance is somatropin . each vial contains 1 . 25 iu ( international units ) ( 16 . 3 mg / ml ). after reconstitution , one vial of powder contains 2 . 5 mg of ( 20 . 7 mg ) somattropin ( 23 . 0 %) sodium chloride solution for injection , phenol , polysorbate 20 , sodium citrate dihydrate , citric acid and water for injections . see section 2 , " important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine ". solvent : this medicine is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium seal . pack size of 1 , 3 vials of powder for multidose via
the active ingredient in aripiprazole zentiva is reassortant lipidose . it belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 15 years and older , who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . the following are some of the symptoms that have been reported in patients who have been prescribed aric acid for this condition : feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas , being less alert or aware or feeling very sleepy , having no interest or feeling " suspicious
do not take aripiprazole zentiva : - if you are allergic to atiban , peanut or soya or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine if any of these apply to you . suicidal thoughts and behaviours have been reported in patients taking , have recently taken or might now take any other medicines . tell your doctor immediately , if your thoughts or feelings are severe . you should not stop taking ariaripiprezole or any other medicine that can cause high blood sugar ( characterised by symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) or family history of diabetes fits ( seizures ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely involuntary ,
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 15 mg or of 30 mg once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not crush , chew or break into pieces . if necessary , the tablet can be taken with or without food . try to take the tablet at the same time each day to help you remember to take it . it is important that you continue to take aripiprazole zentiva until your doctor tells you otherwise . patients who have difficulties swallowing tablets may be given reduced doses of 10 mg or 30 mg at the start of treatment . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment and may prescribe an alternative dosing schedule based on your response
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diabetes mellitus - difficulty sleeping - feeling anxious , feeling restless and unable to keep still , difficulty sitting still - uncontrollable twitching , jerking or writhing movements - restless legs - trembling - headache - tiredness , sleepiness , light - headedness - shaking and blurred vision - fast heartbeat - palpitations - high blood pressure - dry mouth - loss of appetite - weight loss - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain in extremities - low blood sugar , high blood sugar
what aripiprazole zentiva tablets contain - the active substance is : - tablet core : 5 mg ; 1 , 000 mg : 6 , 600 mg , 5 , 700 mg . - tablets other ingredients are : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone , low - substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose ( e463 ), silica colloidal anhydrous , maize starch , pregelatinised ( maize ), croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . the tablet coating contains : indigo carmine aluminium , white to off - white , pearl - shaped , biconvex film - coated tablets , with ' 5 ' debossed on one side and '
verkazia contains the active substance ciclosporin , which blocks the activity of a natural immune system called granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ( gh ), a type of white blood cell that plays an important part in the inflammation process . the active ingredient is human chorionic gonadotropin ( cgrp ), which is found in high levels in people from 4 to 18 years of age with vernal keratoconjunctivitis . this is an allergic condition that affects the inner layer of the eye , the thin layer covering the front part of the membrane that covers the back of your eye . it is used to reduce the amount of keratin that enters into the eye and reduces the inflammation .
you must not be given verkazia : - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had a cancer in or around your eye . you have an eye infection . it is important that you inform your doctor or nurse if any of these applies to you . if your eye infection is not well controlled , it may be a sign that you have another eye infection or you have any other eye disease . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 4 years because there is no experience of using the medicine in this age group . tell your doctor before you start treatment . your doctor will decide if it is safe for you to continue treatment with this medicine and for how long you should
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of verkazia treatment is 10 mg / kg , once a day . after this , you can use the drops for 1 hour before or 2 hours after a meal . how to use wash your hands after changing to a different syringe . it is important to follow the instructions from the doctor , pharmacist or nurse exactly as they have been given in step 5 of this leaflet . step 1 wash your eyelid carefully and let the dropper go in here ( picture 1 ). step 2 : twist off the bottle cap , and lie the cap on a clean surface on its side , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your nose . if a drop misses your eye or nose ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking verkazia and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects below : - the effects in your eyes may get worse : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the back of the eye . other side effects may be more common ( may effect up to 1 in every 10 users ). - side effects in the eye such as itching , redness , irritation or discomfort in your eye , or problems with the flow of water into your eye or watering in the watering eye - these side effects are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days . - a small number of people being treated with eye drops have been reported after the use of this medicine .
what verkazia contains - the active substance is ciclosporin . one millilitre of the solution for injection contains 1 milligram ( mg ) of ciclogenetic phenotype ( nmda )- the other ingredients are medium - chain triglycerides , cetalkonium chloride , glycerol 85 %, tyloxapol , poloxamer 188 , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . for each vial , pack sizes of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 9 , 14 , 28 , 30 , 56 , 90 and 120 vials of 0 . 5 ml . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
kymriah is used to treat patients with b - cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( bcl ), a cancer of white blood cells . it is given to patients aged 25 years and older who have a specific type of cancer called diffuse b- cell lymphoma ( dlbcll ). it is a type of disease in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control and survive for longer than others . in patients with this disease , the number of white cells in the blood may decrease or become smaller than normal . this disease is caused by a build - up of acid in the lymph nodes , resulting in a recurrent attack of the cancer . the medicine works by stimulating the body ' s own immune ( defence ) system to attack and destroy the cancer cells , including
kymriah will only be prescribed to you by a doctor with experience in medicines to treat cancer . read the package leaflets of all medicinal products to be taken in combination with this medicine . do not take the medicine if any of the above apply to you or the child you are caring for . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your medicine ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to the doctor before you receive your medicine , and during your treatment , in particular if : you have had a stem cell transplant within the last 4 months . you have graft - versus - host disease , which means that the cells attacking your body do not want to infect your body , causing symptoms such as rash , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea or bloody 
kymriah will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with certain infectious diseases . your doctor will take some of your blood cells into a catheter placed in your vein ( a procedure called leukapheresis ). this will take about 3 to 6 hours . the number of white blood cells in your blood will be calculated depending on your body weight . for more detailed information on the procedure , see section " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . use in children and adolescents the doctor will decide the appropriate dose and frequency for the treatment of your child based on the patient ' s weight , weight and the type of cell to be treated . a course of treatment usually lasts for 3 to 4 weeks . in some cases , your child may not be able to take the medicine and you may be given ky
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with kymriah infusion : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever chills ( cytokine release syndrome ) difficulty breathing nausea vomiting diarrhoea loss of appetite fatigue muscle pain and joint pain joint pain numbness or tingling in the arms or legs pain in the muscles , bones or joints not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or tongue , which may be a sign of infusion reaction . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - fever or chills . these may be signs of a rare but serious condition called ' cyto
what kymriah contains - the active substance in this medicine is autologous t cells genetically modified to express an anti - cd19 chimeric antigen receptor ( nrtk ). each ml of the solution contains 1 x 106 ( 100 ) or 6 x 1 108 ( 200 ) g / m2 cytokine , corresponding to a concentration of  - 1 , 000 iu / min . - other ingredients : the other ingredients are : sodium chloride , human albumin , dextran 40 ( e331 ), dimethylsulfoxide ( type a ), sodium gluconate , sodium acetate , potassium chloride and magnesium chloride ( for ph adjustment ). the solvent is water for injections . sodium
anagrelide mylan contains the active substance , anatrazepine . anagrilide is an antithrombotic agent which is produced by recombinant dna technology . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' cytotoxics ', which prevent the bone marrow from producing enough platelets . this results in a decrease in the number of platelets produced by the body and thereby reduces the risk of blood circulation and clotting .
do not take anagrelide mylan : - if you are allergic to eaglesia or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , swollen face or lips and shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking anagrilide . some patients with liver problems may develop mild to moderate kidney problems . your doctor will monitor you carefully while you are taking this medicine , particularly if your heart is not working properly , as there is a possibility that you might have a prolonged qt interval ( ecg ) or a problem with your heart due to abnormal cg changes . on a liver test , your doctor may monitor
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of anagrelide mylan is one 1 mg tablet once a day by mouth . your doctor may change your dose , depending on the results of your blood tests , on how well your liver and kidneys are working . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush , chew or break the tablet before swallowing . it is best to take your tablet at the same time each day . this will help to remind your doctor about how long you should continue to take anagrilide for you to achieve the best results for your health . if your doctor determines that you need a higher or lower dose than is available from your pharmacy , he or she will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment to check that your liver
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : heart failure ( signs include shortness of breath , chest pain , swelling of the legs , or increase in rate of the heartbeat ), ventricular tachycardia , supraventricular toccardia or atrial fibrillation , and inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe abdominal and back pain which can be life - threatening ( pancreatic epidermal necrolysis ). vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) passing bloody or body fluids in the urine ( signs of heart failure ). these can be symptoms of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ).
what anagrelide mylan contains - the active substance is : o each capsule contains 0 . 5 mg anagrilide . o the capsule content contains : white , capsule size : 6 . 8 mg , 1 . 4 mg ; 2 . 6 mg angrelides . the other ingredients are : capsule content : pregelatinised maize starch , croscarmellose sodium , povidone , microcrystalline cellulose , magnesium stearate . capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( k25 ) ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of an asteroid '), gelatin and talc . what anacrelide somelan looks like and contents of the pack ana
miglustat dipharma contains the active substance migmigat , which belongs to a group of medicines called anti - metabolites . it is used to treat mild to moderate type 1 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . in type 1 stângr disease , a substance called glucosylceramide is not removed from your body . if it does not work properly , it starts to build up in certain cells of the body ' s immune system . this can result in liver and spleen , and can lead to changes in the blood . the body can also make too much , called ' enzyme replacement therapy ', in patients who have not been able to take the medicine or who are considered unsuitable for the treatment . by blocking enzymes , the medicine allows the body to eliminate waste and nutrients , such as food
do not take miglustat dipharma : - if you are allergic to migmigat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) 21 warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine 21 if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . before starting treatment , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , temporarily or permanently , depending on the severity of your disease . - people with kidney disease or liver disease may experience tingling or numbness in the hands or feet , or any other part of the body . while you are taking your medicine , make sure that you are completely dry and obedient ( free of vitamin b12 levels ) as they may interfere with the interpretation of the results . you should have a blood sample taken to check your kidney function , as it may indicate that you have
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for type 1 gaucher disease : for adults and adolescents 22 years of age and older , the usual dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease: for children and adolescents ( over 12 years old ), the usual starting dose is two capsule ( 200 mg ), three capsule ( 400 mg ); four capsule ( 600 mg ; five capsules , six capsules per day ); six capsule ( 700 mg , seven capsules in total ); twelve capsule ( 1000 mg / day ), four capsules (12 650 mg each day ) fewer than 12 capsule ( 1 , 000 mg - 3 , 200
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you have any of the following tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( seen commonly ). they could be signs of peripheral neuropathy , due to side effects of miglustat dipharma or other medicines that may be involved in the treatment of tremor . usually , trembling of the hands or feet ( see section 2 ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with more than one in 10 patients ( very common ) were : - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( e . g ., sega ) or decreased appetite - anxiety symptoms , including 
what miglustat dipharma contains - the active substance is inotersen . each hard capsule contains 100 mg of indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ) and magnesium stearate . the capsule shell contains gelatine , titanium dioxide , black iron oxide , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide , shellac . ink : white , opaque , hard gelatin capsule filled with white opaque powder containing 100 mg migmigat dipharma is supplied in plastic bottles with polypropylene closures containing 84 hard capsules in perforated unit dose blisters .
the active substance in mycophenolate mofetil teva is my cophenolate . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ', which work by blocking the action of substances called cyclosporins and corticosteroids . these substances work in different ways to inhibit the activity of the body ' s immune system .
warning mycophenolate causes birth defects and miscarriage . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of mycophenate on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the advice given . do not take my cophenolate mofetil teva if any of the following apply to you : - to reduce the risk of pregnancy and / or contraception ( see further information in this section under " warnings and precautions " and " pregnancy , contraception and breast - feeding "). - you must take myceliac acid ( a type of white blood cell ) before you start treatment with mycphenolate . you must have completed a pregnancy test
always take mycophenolate mofetil teva exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount you take depends on your body weight . the usual dose is 2 . 5 mg twice a day after your kidney transplant . within 72 hours of your transplant , your body will normally take at least 8 mg of the active ingredient as 2 separate doses . take 4 capsules in the morning and 4 at about the same time each day . your doctor may increase your dose up to 4 tablets in the evening to make up for a total of 600 mg . heart transplant adults the first dose will be given within 5 days of the transplant operation . a second dose of 4 mg is given within 7 - 8 hours of the first meal . swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not break or crush
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you have a sign of infection such as a fever or sore throat you have unexpected bruising or bleeding , a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction such as anaphylaxis or angioeodema . you have black or bloody stool , vomit blood and dark particles in your stool . bleeding . this is common in people treated with mycophenolate mofetil teva . the bleeding may not stop as fast as usual . it is important to rinse your mouth thoroughly with water after taking this medicine . do not take any medicine that can reduce the
what mycophenolate mofetil teva contains - the active substance is mycophenate mafetil 250 mg hard capsules the other ingredients are : capsule content pregelatinised maize starch povidone k - 30 croscarmellose sodium magnesium stearate capsule shell : gelatin titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( 1 , 000 mg ) and yellow iron oxide [ e172 ] ( for ph adjustment ). printing ink : shellac , titanium dioxide [ 60 mg ] and black iron oxide * ( for all strengths ), propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( only for one blister strip ). what my cophenolate medicinal product looks like and contents of the pack hard capsule - capsule body : light blue , hard gelatin capsule cap 
ryzodeg is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . it is made by biotechnology using a basal insulin , called insulin degludec . rapid - acting insulin or insulin aspart , which is similar to insulin a , but with a different action . this medicine helps your body to increase the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high .
do not use ryzodeg : - if you are allergic to insulin degludec , insulin aspart , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if any of these apply to you . before you start using ryzeg , tell your doctor about all of your medical conditions . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar is too high , follow the guidance for a fast - acting blood sugar diet . high blood sugar , also called " hyperglycemia ", requires immediate action . it is important that you discuss with your doctor whether this medicine is suitable for you , particularly when you are using other insulin medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of insulin or
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : - for people who are blind or have poor eyesight who are visually impaired , the dose will be adjusted by your doctor using the 180 microgram pre - filled pen . you will need 1 ml of insulin each day to control your blood sugar level . ryzodeg can be used alone or in combination with insulin . your doctor will tell you how much to use , when to use it and for how long . use in elderly people ( aged 65 years and over ), the doctor will work out the right dose based on your life - style and the amount of insulin you use each day . how to use the pen read the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet for further information . method of administration ry
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) may occur very commonly with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). it is not known how often this happens , but if your blood sugar level falls too much you may become unconscious . serious hypogycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . if you experience symptoms of low blood glucose , talk to your doctor immediately . you must stop taking ryzodeg and see a doctor straight away . blood sugar can become too low for a short period of time . tell the person giving you the injection or pack with you to show the doctor what you need to know before you use this medicine . the signs and symptoms of high blood sugar may include : - an allergic reaction to insulin - like symptoms ,
what ryzodeg contains - the active substance is insulin degludec . each ml of the solution contains 100 units ( equivalent to 3 . 75 mg ) of insulin aspart . one vial contains 1 , 000 units of insulin degredec in a vial . when reconstituted with water for injections , each millilitre of the supplied solution contains 3 , 300 units of diabetes degludelidec aspart in 0 . 5 mL solution . the other ingredients are : powder : glycerol , metacresol , phenol , sodium chloride , zinc acetate , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). solvent : 5 % ( 20 % w / v ) solution for injection ( see section 3 of this leaflet 
krystexxa contains the active substance pegloticase , which is a natural enzyme ( a protein ) in the body called peglycaemic phosphokinase ( peg )- pegylating hormone is produced by recombinant dna technology . pegloticses are involved in the stabilisation of long - term gout . they can cause painful deposits ( uric acid crystals ) on the skin , and can be used in adult patients who are already taking other anti - grout medicines . karystexxexxa is used to control the level of urate in your body and reduce the number of uriic acid deposits in your joints and kidneys . this can cause symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and inflammation . the medicine is also used in adults and children .
do not take krystexxa if you are allergic to pegloticase or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have been told that you have a deficiency of glucose and phosphate ( g6pd ) in your blood ( a condition known as favism ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose . he / she may also need to increase the dose of g5pd to reach an adequate level . your doctor will monitor your condition regularly while you are taking this medicinal product . you are also advised to take regular blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine to monitor your uric acid level and if necessary during your treatment .
krystexxa will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the treatment of gout . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . you may take the tablet at any time of the day , however , it is important that you continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . if , after you have started treatment , you feel better , and the symptoms may worsen , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may prescribe an antihistamine or paracetamol to help you sleep and / or reduce the risk of infusion - related reactions . duration of treatment your doctor will tell you how long you should
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious allergic reactions including gout flares have been reported in patients taking krystexxa . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - severe allergic reactions which can lead to fainting , a sudden drop in blood pressure , and cardiac arrest . - life - threatening allergic reactions can occur in up to 2 months after the start of the medicine . the symptoms include swelling of throat , tongue , body tightness of the throat and hoarse voice ; trouble swallowing ; shortness of breath ; rapid heartbeat ; and swelling of the face . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea 
what krystexxa contains - the active substance is pegloticase . one ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 8 million units ( 5 micrograms ).  the other ingredients are : powder : disodium hydrogen phosphate dihydrate ( e331 ), sodium dihydrogen phosphonate dihydrate , sodium chloride and water for injections . see section 2 ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine ' for further information about sodium . the powder in the vial is mixed with a solvent to form a solution that is clear and colourless to slightly yellow . kRYstexx a is available in packs containing 1 glass vial of powder , and in multipacks comprising 2 cartons , each containing one vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
edarbi contains an active substance called azilsartan medoxomil and belongs to a group of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ( aiiras ). angioedema is a condition in which the body ' s blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered , which means that the blood vessels tighten , thus increasing your blood pressure . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ) with an increase in blood pressure to 2 to 4 g / dl .
do not take edarbi : - if you are allergic to azilsartan medoxomil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - three times a week - pregnant - this medicine may be harmful to an unborn child . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - diabetic patients with diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have kidney problems or have had a recent kidney transplant you are taking a medicine to lower blood pressure or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . you are suffering from symptoms of high blood pressure such as dizziness , lightheadedness or heartburn 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose of edarbi is 40 mg once a day for two weeks followed by an additional 80 mg dose every two weeks . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 20 mg once daily depending on the severity of your liver disease . the maximum recommended dose is 20 mg three times per day . if recently you have lost body fluids such as vomiting or diarrhoea , or if the total daily dose has to be lowered , your doctor will tell you to reduce the dose . this will help you to remember to take your medicine . you may be more likely to suffer from other severe illnesses such as kidney disease or heart failure . taking this medicine swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking edarbi and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - itching of the skin , sometimes with raised lumps . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - dizziness , diarrhoea , increased blood creatine phosphokinase common cold ( feeling sick ) common cold - headache - rash - muscle pain ( myalgia ), joint pain - pain in joints and muscles ( musculoskeletal pain )
what edarbi contains - the active substance is azilsartan medoxomil ( as potassium ). a dilution by the EPA shows that the concentrations in a given form are different from that in adults . - each 20 mg / 0 . 5 mg sublingual tablet contains 20 mg azillsarven medoxonil ( equivalent to 2 . 25 mg ) or 1 . 4 mg dl . the other ingredients are : - tablets with a diphosphate ( e218 ) and potassium - in - transdermal patch : each 40 mg 2/ 0 mg subcutaneous tablet contains 40 milligrams azilSartan methadone ( corresponding to 8 . 75 mg w ) in the content of the tablet - film - coating : the tablet contains 80 milli
raptiva is a medicine used to treat severe psoriasis in adults , in combination with systemic therapies . the active substance in raptive is efalizumab , which is made up of a monoclonal antibody linked to a substance intended to bind to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( hgfr ), which is found on the surface of some organisms with a specific mutation ( tnf2 ) called b - lymphocytes , a type of white blood cell that is involved in the development of these antibodies . by binding to thymidine , the medicine helps to reduce inflammation and other lesions on the skin caused by plaque phosphatase and improve the symptoms of the disease . it is used for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe plaque pps
do not use raptiva : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to efalizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if : you have cancer . you have tuberculosis or other infections ( signs of an infection may include fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems , cough ). you may have coughed for at least 2 hours after taking this medicine to reduce pain in the chest when coughing up blood . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to continue to treat you with other medicines for psoriasis . plaque pporiasesis , a disorder of the immune system , has been reported in
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults 65 years of age and older : one injection every 12 months . raptiva is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). instructions for using raptivea read the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . do not use a pre - filled syringe until you have been shown how to use it . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on your body weight , weight and how well you respond to the treatment . method of administration you should use rapaciously as instructed by your doctor . it is important that your hands are washed thoroughly with soap and water . this will ensure that there is no medicine left in the vial , and that you do not need to
like all medicines , raptiva can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects seen in clinical studies were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after (" infusion reactions "). the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): side effects reported in clinical trials for patients receiving the medicine in combination with epoetin delta may include : common [ affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ]; uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people . common side effects were : the frequency was not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the following side effects have also been reported during clinical studies for patients who received the same or similar medicines in combination ( e . g . flu - like symptoms , headache , chills , nausea
what raptiva contains - the active substance is efalizumab . each pre - filled syringe ( 5 ml solution ) contains 125 mg of a protein known as ' alpha - adrenoreceptor ' ( elbasvir / rurioctocog alfa ) in 0 . 9 mL solution ( corresponding to 127 . 7 mg / kg ). the other ingredients are polysorbate 20 , histidine , hetidine hydrochloride monohydrate , sucrose , water for injections . what the powder is for solution for injection is a white to off - white powder or cake . the solvent is water - or a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution . this medicine is available in packs containing 1
levetiracetam actavis group is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ) it is used for the treatment of : - adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with new onset of seizures ( s ) in adults , adolescents , children and infants . - children and adolescents with newly - diagnosed eds : the type ( the ' type ' ( the type ) that is on both sides of the brain . the occurrence of a seizure or a ' secondary generalisation ', has been reported in some patients for whom other similar medicines have been taken but whose condition has recurred . in this leaflet , more information on the active substance is given in paediatric patients ( primary generalised seizures ).
do not take levetiracetam actavis group : - if you are allergic to the active substance levetiratetam , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking levetiractam this medicine may cause kidney problems , slow down in the growth and unexpected puberty development of your child . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetistetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . you should contact your doctor for advice as this may be a sign of severe depression and / or suicidal ideation ; if your family / carer notices that you are developing irregular heart rhythm ( visible on an electrocardiogram ), or if treatment with this medicine shows that you have certain irregularities
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . levetiracetam actavis group tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of liquid . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on your condition . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 16 years of age ): general dose : between 5 mg and 15 mg each day . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if your condition has not improved after 16 months of treatment . add - on therapy dose in adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 10 kg or more : your doctor will prescribe the right dose based on your weight . method of administration you should take levetiratiratis group twice a day , in the morning and evening , with or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ); flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( leucopenia ) as this may be a sign of an allergic ( neutropenia ). the most frequently reported side effects are nasopharyngitis , somnolence (
what levetiracetam actavis group contains - the active substance is called levetiractam . each vial contains 100 mg of levetiraptam in 0 . 5 ml of solution .  the other ingredients are : sodium citrate , citric acid monohydrate , methyl parahydroxybenzoate ( e219 ), propyl parahydroxyberoate , ammonium glycyrrhizate , used for glucerin , infusion syringe : the pregelatinised starch , maltitol liquid , anhydrous acesulfame potassium , grape flavour : strawberry flavour , propylene glycol , purified water . see section 2 . what you need to know before you go to bed , and while you are on holiday 
esperoct contains the active substance rurioctocog alfa pegol , and is a long - acting recombinant coagulation factor viii product . it is used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients aged 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor ixi deficiency ). in patients with hepatit a the enzyme heparin is missing or not working properly . this leads to the formation of clots in various organs , which are necessary to stop bleeding .
do not use esperoct - if you are allergic to nonacog gamma or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . allergic reactions may occur after the injection . you should be aware of the early signs of an allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) when the injection is given . stop the injection and contact your doctor immediately . severe allergic reactions such as rash , hives , weals , itching of the skin , redness , swelling of lips , tongue , face or hands , difficulty in swallowing or breathing , wheezing , or coughing up blood . the injection may need to be stopped and the injection can be stopped . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if your doctor develops any of
treatment with esperoct will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the dose will depend on your body weight and the kind of bleed you have experienced . adults the dose is 0 . 5 mg per kg of body weight , given intravenously ( into a vein ) for at least four weeks . prevention of bleeding if your current bleed is not controlled after 12 weeks of treatment , your doctor will calculate the dose ( in international units = iu ) depending on how serious the bleeding is and how serious it is whether you have the most common factor viii level in your blood . how often you should have your injections , the dose may be adjusted individually by your doctor depending on your individual needs 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) if any of these symptoms occur , stop using esperoct and tell your doctor immediately . sudden allergic reactions or anaphylactic reactions are possible . if you have a severe allergic reaction , including difficulty in swallowing or breathing wheezing , chest tightness , redness and swelling of the lips , tongue , face or hands . there may be a rash , hives , weals or itching all over your body . this may mean you are having severe or life - threatening reactions . your doctor will decide if the treatment should be stopped . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ),
what esperoct contains powder : the active substance is turoctocog alfa pegol ( pegylated human coagulation factor viii ). each vial ( 0 . 5 ml ) contains nominally 250 , 500 , 1000 , 2000 or 3000 iu turoscopically displaced protein . the other ingredients are l - histidine , sucrose , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride , l- methionine , calcium chloride dihydrate and water for injections . sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid may have been used to adjust the acidity . for ph adjustment , see section 2 . solvent - free , solvent . what esperroct looks like and contents of the pack the powder and solvent for solution for injection is a white to
emend contains the active substance aprepitant , which belongs to a group of medicines called 1 - antiemetics . it works by blocking signals to the brain and thereby prevent nausea and vomiting . by blocking the action of a chemical called neurokinin - 1 ( nk1 ), this can help to control your symptoms , including stopping your vomiting from occurring and increasing your body ' s ability to respond to changes in your environment . e mend is used for the treatment of nausea and / or vomiting in adults , adolescents , children and infants older than one month and adolescents who are not able to have surgery .
do not take emend - if you are allergic to aprepitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : - you have liver disease . this medicine has not been tested in people whose liver is damaged and does not work properly ( see section 2 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor who will check whether the medicine is working for you . - your liver is not working properly and your liver will not be able to break down the medicine in the body because the medicine has been removed from your body by the liver . your doctor will monitor the condition of your liver before deciding if treatment should be continued . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents ( below 40 years of age ) because the dose for this patient group is
emend will be given to you by a doctor or nurse with experience in the use of anticancer medicines . the recommended dose for adults is 40 mg / m2 body surface area , administered every 3 weeks . prior to anaesthesia , you will receive a blood clotting agent to assess your response and condition . if you have any further questions about your treatment , ask your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking emend and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : hives , rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing . the frequency of this reaction cannot be estimated from the available data and you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects include the following listed below . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increase in liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon side effects these may affect less than 1 in 100 people : stomach pain . bowel sounds abnormal , dry mouth , flatulence ( wind ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea 
what emend contains - the active substance is aprepitant . each hard capsule contains 40 mg of prepitant in 0 . 5 ml of solution .  the other ingredients are : sucrose , microcrystalline cellulose ( e 460 ), low - substituted ( hdpe ) hydroxypropylcellulose , e 433 and sodium laurilsulfate . the capsule shell contains : gelatin , titanium dioxide [ e 171 ], shellac , potassium hydroxide , black iron oxide [ y - yellow ] and iron oxide red ). - each capsule is approximately 14 . 4 mm in length and 8 . 3 mm at its widest end . only for the 40 mg capsules , the white printing ink contains a white to off - white powder
cyltezo contains the active substance adalimumab , a medicine that acts on your body ' s immune ( defence ) system . this medicine is intended for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis , polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis enthesitis - related arthritis ankylosing spondylitis , uncontrolled or axial spongyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of anklosing ink . psoriatic arthritis in adults , moderate to severe prsoriasis hidradenitis supppurativa , crohn  s disease , ulcerative colitis and non - infectious uveitis in children and adolescents . in each of these diseases , the active ingredient in
do not use cyltezo : - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have a severe infection , including active tuberculosis ( see " other infections "). you have symptoms of infections such as fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . you have moderate or severe heart failure . this is because it is important that you tell your doctor about any serious heart condition . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation for a long time . if your doctor thinks you may be at risk of such a reaction , you should stop the treatment and contact your doctor immediately . before starting treatment , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults with rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis , and for patients of all ages with active axial skettyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of anklosing syndrome , is one of the many medicines that can be given in combination with cyltezo . your doctor will determine the appropriate dose for you , depending on the severity of your disease , the usual dose is one radiographic dose of one radiopharmaceutical . if your doctor decides that you should receive a higher dose than is available from the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting symptoms , you can help provide more information on the safety of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur up to 4 months or more after the last cyltezo injection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following severe rash , hives or other signs of allergic reaction 78 swollen face , hands , feet , trouble breathing , or swallowing , shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea and pain in the joints . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia
what cyltezo contains the active substance is adalimumab . the other ingredients are sodium acetate trihydrate , glacial acetic acid , trehalose dihydrate and polysorbate 80 ( see section 2 ). each ml of solution for injection contains 40 mg of adealimUMab in 0 . 4 mL of solution . other ingredients in the solution are : water for injections . this solution is clear to slightly opalescent , and colourless to pale yellow . what mc4 looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is supplied as a vial containing a clear glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and plastic flip - off cap . each pack contains : - vials containing 1 , 4 or 6 single - dose via
fampridine accord is used to improve walking in adults ( 18 years and over ) with multiple sclerosis ( ms ) related walking disability and to reduce the number of white blood cells in your blood . in secondary spms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath around the nerves leading to muscle weakness , muscle stiffness and difficulty walking . the active substance in fAMPridine acord , riociguat , belongs to a group of medicines called potassium channel blockers . it works by stopping potassium from flowing into the nerve cells and helping them to work normally . this medicine is thought to work by letting signals pass down the nerve better .
do not take fampridine accord : - if you are allergic to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . there is a chance that you may experience a seizure , especially if the dose you are taking is different ( e . g ., a fit or convulsion ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . you may need to take other medicines to control the symptoms of your disease ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). you should continue to take the medicines you are given by your doctor even if they have decreased . the use of cimetidine accord has not been studied in children with adolescent with severe kidney problems . other medicines and f
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many tablets of fampridine accord to take . the recommended dose is 2 tablets once a day , at about the same time each day . you can take the tablets with or without food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not crush , chew or break the tablets before swallowing . method of administration swallow the tablet whole , with a glass of water , one after the other . it may take between 2 to 4 hours to find the right dose . this will give your body a chance to recover . then , you should divide the total daily dose into 2 or 4 tablets in a 12 hour period . there are no known side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms may be serious including a seizure . stop taking fampridine accord and tell your doctor immediately if you develop hypersensitivity ( swollen face , mouth , lips , throat or tongue ), reddening and itching of the skin , chest tightness and breathing difficulties . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . if these symptoms occur , they will stop your treatment immediately and you may need urgent medical attention . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , sensation of spinning head ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), fast heart beat ( palpitations ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoe
what fampridine accord contains one film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains : - core : 10 micrograms ( corresponding to 0 . 5 mg ) - the other ingredients are : 25 - hypromellose ( e464 ), silica , colloidal anhydrous , cellulose microcrystalline , magnesium stearate - film coating : clear , oval shaped , film coated tablet with " fmc " on one side and " 10 " on the other side . - indigo carmine aluminium lake , yellow fcf aluminium / pvc - aluminium foil blisters . the tablets are packed in blisters and are available in packs containing 28 or 56 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
caelyx pegylated liposomal is an antitumour agent . the active substance of caeyx peggylating liposomeal is bortezomib , a cytostatic agent that works by stopping cells from growing and multiplying . once the cells have grown and are destroyed , the cells die and they die . if you have not recovered or are not able to take the medicine as your doctor has recommended , or if the tumour has returned , your doctor may give you another medicine to try to prevent you from getting the wrong side of the medicine , including caeilyx - peglylated lipsosomesal . this medicine is used to treat cancer of the breast and heart problems . your doctor will prescribe the medicine that is best for you , for your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how cae
do not take caelyx pegylated liposomal : - if you are allergic to doxorubicin hydrochloride or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have heart disease you have liver disease you are diabetic . your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( see section 4 ). you have diabetes - you have kaposi ' s sarcoma , having your spleen removed . you have sores or discolouration or discomfort in your mouth . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before starting treatment . follow carefully the advice given to you by your doctor or nurse . before you start taking this medicinal product , carefully follow the instructions for use . other medicines and
caelyx pegylated liposomal will be given to you under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one vial of doxorubicin hydrochloride 0 . 088 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may change the dose and total duration of dosing depending on your condition , weight and how you respond to treatment . in case of anaphylactic reaction , your doctor will continue to give you caeyx pigment epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative ( pngfr ) inhibitors . before starting therapy , you must first receive caeilyx pigmented liposomes followed by
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice anything unusual about your health . during an infusion of caelyx pegylated liposomal , you may experience an allergic reaction . the signs may include swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , an itchy rash or hives , inflamed or narrowed arteries in the lungs , causing coughing , wheezing or shortness of breath . these may be signs of severe asthma . you may be given other medicines to treat your asthma , such as a bronchospasm ( a type of blood clot ). these are signs of a severe infection of the lung called bronchitis 
what caelyx pegylated liposomal contains - the active substance is doxorubicin hydrochloride . each vial of caeyx petrified liposomes contains 2 g of dosing ( equivalent to 0 . 3 mg / ml ). - after reconstitution , each millilitre of the reconstituted solution contains 3 . 0 mg of doxORubicain hydrocholine . the other ingredients in the powder are : powder : glucose , 2 - distearoyl - sn- glycero , ethylcarbamoyl , methoxypoly ( mdpe ) and oxyethyeslen . solvent : sodium salt ( mpeg - dospe ), hydrogenated so
eptifibatide accord contains the active substance aspirin and is an anticoagulant . it works by blocking the activity of factor xa , which is an important component of the blood clots process . in patients with severe coronary insufficiency defined as spontaneous and recent chest pain with electrocardiographic abnormalities or biological changes , it is usually given together with two other medicines , aspirine and unfractionated heparin .
do not take eptifibatide accord : - if you are breast - feeding . take special care with this medicine : talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine and if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ) - have recently had bleeding from your stomach , intestines , bladder , or other organs . - notice abnormal blood in your stool or urine ( except from menstrual bleeding ) in the past 30 days . you may have had a stroke ( or at least 30 days before haemorrhagic stroke ) or have had another stroke or have a brain tumour ( or brain tumour ). you are due to have an operation ( or an operation ) that requires urgent medical attention . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy of this medicine
eptifibatide accord will be given to you by a doctor or nurse through a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the dose you receive is based on your weight . the recommended dose is 180 mg per kg of body weight given once every 2 weeks for up to 72 months . if you have kidney disease , the infusion dose may be reduced to 1 mg / kg by percutaneous coronary intervention ( pci ). your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . you will also receive other medicines while you are being treated with this medicine . your doctor may also give you a reduced dose of 96 mg of aspirin and heparin ( if not contraindicated in your case ).
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the medicine ): bleeding ( e . g . blood in urine , blood in stool , vomiting blood ). if you experience any bleeding event that does not stop by itself , tell your doctor immediately , as you may need urgent medical treatment . anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells ). common side effects these may affect 1 to 10 users in 100 ) are : inflammation of the vein . uncommon side effects that may affect more than 1 in 100 users in 1000 : increase in the number of platelets ( blood cells necessary for blood clotting ). in the brain , side effects were similar to those related to eptifibatide accord . reporting of side effects
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . eptifibatide accord should be used immediately after reconstitution , in order to protect from light and moisture . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what eptifibatide accord contains - the active substance is : - inactivated . - after reconstitution , one dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) contains 2 . 75 mg of eptiffibate . each vial of 0. 5ml solution contains 1 . 7 mg of active substance ( corresponding to 75 mg / dl ). - excipients : the other ingredients are : citric acid monohydrate , sodium hydroxide and water for injections . for additional information on ingredients , see end of section 2 , " what you need to know before you are given this medicine ." eptfibatides accord is a solution for injection ( injection ) in a vial . one vial contains either 100 mg or 100 mg . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
do not take ebixa : - if you are allergic to memantine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have a history of epileptic seizures . you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( heart attack ), or you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). your doctor will check whether your 002625 dose is adequate or not . 62 you suffer from renal impairment ( kidney problems ). you have reduced kidney function . your doctor may check your kidney function once your treatment is started . in some cases , your dose may need to be adjusted . the use of medicinal products called intravenous ( iv ) products requires close monitoring by your doctor . it is
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of ebixa for adults and older people is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 one 10 mg tablet week 2 two 10 mg tablets week 3 one and a half tablets week 4 and beyond three 10 mg blister packs the usual starting dose is one tablet each day , which is split into two doses of 1 . 5 mg . this is increased to two tablets every other day ( one tablet in the morning and two tablets in the evening ). from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 2 tablets once daily ( 1 tablet of 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired kidney function if your doctor determines that there is no clinical benefit for you , your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the medicine ): headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function tests , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity common ( the following may occur in the patients with a reduced number of blood clotting cells )*, tiredness *, fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart rhythm disturbances *, low blood pressure *, cough , indigestion , pain in the stomach *, stomach ache , dry mouth , flatulence *, rash , itching , joint pain , back pain *, muscle cramps
what ebixa contains - the active substance is memantine hydrochloride . each film - coated tablet contains 10 mg of memantinine hydrocholoride equivalent to 8 . 31 mg , corresponding to 74 . 62 mg mementine . the other ingredients ( excipients ) are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), croscarmellose sodium , colloidal anhydrous silica , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : hypromellose , macrogol 400 , titanium dioxide , iron oxide red . printing ink : shellac , indigo carmine aluminium lake , sunset yellow fcf aluminium / oblong tablet with 14 mm diameter , 28 mm thickness ,
the active substance of prometax is rivastigmine . rivadostigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson  s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivainstigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetic substances : butyrylcholineesterase and soyatoplasmosis . by blocking these enzymes , promatax helps to increase the levels of ace tylercholine and so reduce the effects of the chemicals in your brain . for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzherer' 
do not take prometax - if you are allergic to rivastigmine , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking protax . there is a small chance that you may experience a skin reaction spreading beyond the patch size , if there are signs of a more intense local reaction ( such as blisters , increasing skin inflammation , swelling ) and if it does not improve within 48 hours after removal of the transdermal patch . if this applies to you , tell your doctor and take appropriate precautions . you should be observed closely for the development of any new or worsening skin reactions after treatment with prome tax . please inform your doctor or pharmacist if : - you have an irregular or slow heartbeat , for example after an operation or stomach ulcer
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of prometax to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor may slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . during the first three days of treatment , the usual dose is one in the morning , with some water . after the first few days , however , it is not necessary to stop treatment altogether . to benefit from your medicine , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day , so that there is a steady amount in your blood . prome tax can be taken with or without food . when you take prome Tax , take it every day
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea 100 common ( will affect up to 1 in10 people  ) anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling weak or lack of energy wind wind weight loss feeling drowsy feeling weak tests may show increased levels of triglycerides ( a type of fat ) in your blood tests may also show : increased level of creatine phosphokinase in your urine test results showing low levels of vitamin d in your
what prometax contains the active substance is rivastigmine hydrogen tartrate . the other ingredients are : hypromellose , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , gelatin , yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide , titanium dioxide , and shellac . each sachet of promentax contains 0 . 25 mg of rivainstigmine . prome tax 1 . 5 mg hard capsules : each containing 1 , 000 mg of an invasive white to slightly yellowish white powder , with a covering to protect it from light . 2 . 4 mg of this medicine , except for the occasional occasional occurrence of an anaphylactic reaction . 3 . 8 mg / ml , is only to be used in combination with
lyrica is a medicine used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neursopathic pain LYrica works by reducing the damage to the nerves . - you have been given this medicine to treat a variety of conditions that can cause peripheral nuropathic pain such as diabetes or shingles . you have pain sensations that are hot , burning , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping or aching , or tingling numbness , pins and needles that grip your hand . these symptoms can be caused by other causes of peripheral and peripheral pain .
do not take lyrica - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking LYrica as you should be aware of the early signs of an allergic reaction . the signs may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . when taking lyRICa , you may experience dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . this medicine may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , including changes in eye sight , such as ringing in the ears , shortness of breath or rapid breathing . these could be
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . lyrica is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet with a drink of water . for neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of hard capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . to help you remember to take your medicine , take it in the morning and evening with food . take your tablet at about the same time each day with or just after breakfast . in some cases , especially in younger patients , a higher dose may be necessary . do not take more than the recommended dose . patients over 65 years
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common - may affect up to 1 in every 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest and irritability . disturbance in attention . clumsiness ( memory impairment ), loss of memory / tremor , difficulty with speaking , uncontrollable tingling feeling or numbness in the arms and legs . reporting of side effects 30 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you
what lyrica contains the active substance is pregabalin . each hard capsule contains either 25 mg , 50 mg or 75 mg . the other ingredients are : capsule content : 100 mg ( capsule shell ) : 150 mg ; 200 mg : 225 mg and 300 mg of pregelatinized starch , lactose monohydrate , gelatine , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), sodium laurilsulphate , anhydrous colloidal silica and black ink : shellac , black iron oxide [ e172 ], propylene glycol and potassium hydroxide . this medicine is available in hard capsules in blister packs containing 75 , 100 and 200 capsules and in perforated unit dose blister packs of 225 capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed . patient alert card : handling information inside
do not use semglee - if you are allergic to insulin glargine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if this applies to you . this medicine is only suitable for injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). follow closely the instructions for injection , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) and injection technique . if your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ). the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . you must always use a substitute for your insulin and re - adjust the insulin if necessary ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). you must use an alternative insulin pump . the pump system must not be used if the pump is damaged or
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one vial of insulin glargine 300 units / ml , once a day . your doctor may tell you to use a different insulin based on your blood glucose ( glucose ) tests and your previous insulin usage . follow these instructions carefully . when to check your blood sugar levels and whether you need to carry out urine tests , as you may need a higher or lower dose of a long - acting insulin or a shorter insulin dose . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . how much and when to use your child ' s doctor will tell you how much to use and how often
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a ) summary of serious and very common side effects low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) can occur . this is very common : if your blood sugar level falls too much , you may become unconscious . serious hypogycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . allergic reactions ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) large - scale skin reactions such as rash , itching , hives or swelling of the face . the frequency of this condition cannot be estimated from the available data . when semglee is given with insulin , there may be a higher risk of allergic reactions . these reactions are more likely if blood sugar is not controlled by adequate diet , exercise and allergic reactions are rare . ( may
what semglee contains - the active substance is insulin glargine . each ml of the solution contains 100 units of insulin glaucoma ( equivalent to 3 . 64 mg ). - each vial contains 1 , 200 iu ( international units ), i . e ., 10 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , 60 , 90 , 100 , 150 , 300 , 400 , 500 , 1000 , 2 or 5 vials of solution . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
rienso contains the active substance ferumoxytol , which is injected into a vein ( intravenously ). it is used to treat iron deficiency anaemia in adults . it is important that you have adequate kidney function and the right amount of oxygen to get around the body . the amount of iron in the body is also known as a ' metabolite ' ( a form of the chemical called ' iron - rich '), which is very similar to the natural hormone erythropoietin ( r - etanus ) and is not affected by the underlying condition . if you have iron in your blood and the solution is not clear , colourless to yellow , with no solid pieces in it , you will have to take regular blood tests . this is to check your kidney function , and to ensure
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given rienso . your doctor will carry out a blood test before you start treatment to check if you have iron deficiency anaemia . you must not be given this medicine if : you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to iron or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions you must tell your doctor before treatment if any of these apply to you . if your doctor thinks you may be allergic but are not sure , ask your doctor for advice . check with your doctor or nurse before you begin treatment and especially before starting treatment : if the doctor think you may have iron overload caused by iron , it is important to check the amount of iron in your blood stream before treatment and regularly during treatment ( see section 4
your treatment with rienso will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in giving this type of medicine . they will take into account your weight and the results of your blood test . the recommended dose is 1 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment on the day of the infusion . you will have a blood test carried out before you start the treatment and on your general condition . if this applies to you , tell your doctor who will decide whether you should continue the treatment for a further period . this procedure will normally be repeated every 1 to 2 weeks . method and route of administration this medicine is given by infusion into a vein ( intravenously ). it is given as an infusion ( drip ) into your vein . before the treatment is given , your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : rash , itching , dizziness or light - headedness , swelling , difficulty breathing or wheezing . these may be signs of serious types of allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylactic reactions ). heart and circulation complications , including loss of consciousness , have been reported very rarely in people over 65 years of age . there have been reports of liver or heart disease where the treatment has been stopped , and some patients have died from this type of allergic reaction . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with rienso . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vials after " exp ". store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . rienso is for single use only ; any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements and the local requirements . the following information is intended for the specialist only : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for the duration of the infusion solution in order to protect from light . this medicine is therefore considered to be a ' recyclable ' product and should not be administered if it is deemed necessary by the health professionals at the specified time , because it would cause severe damage and deterioration .
what rienso contains the active substance is iron ( ferumoxytol ). each 30 mg pre - filled syringe contains 1 ml of solution for injection , providing 30 mg iron at a concentration of 30 mg / 0 . 5 mL when reconstituted with 1 . 3ml water for injections . the resulting solution contains 30 mg of iron ( 6 . 7 mg ) of FERumoxytin ( corresponding to 17 . 510 mg iron equivalent to 37 . 2 mg ). the other ingredients are : mannitol ( e421 ), polyglucose - sorbittol carboxymethylether , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ), hydrochloric acid ( to adjust the acidity ) ( for children and adolescents from 17 years of age ),
pregabalin sandoz gmbh belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults ; it is used : on its own in adults to treat a certain form of epilepsia that is characterised by low levels of activity , and in some cases non - epileptics . the diagnosis of gad in adults is based on the specific condition and the severity of the condition ( e . g . partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) that is not controlled by any other treatment ; or , in patients who have not had any involvement with any other medication that is used for this condition ( see other medicines and pregelatinised form of this medicine ); or if you have a history of anxiety disorder before . pregabealin is used in adult patients who are already
do not take pregabalin sandoz gmbh : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you experience an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . if this happens , you should immediately contact your physician . pregabaltin , which may cause dizziness , somnolence and could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . there is a possibility that you will be more likely to experience a severe fall in blood pressure . therefore , your doctor may decide to delay your treatment . when taken with pregabralin - this medicine
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you , depending on how you respond to the treatment . pregabalin sandoz gmbh is for oral use only . epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . for adults , the dose may be increased to one tablet a day based on your response to the medicine . method of administration swallow the capsules whole with some water . you should swallow your capsules with a glass of water , either with or without food . it is best to take your capsule once in the morning , at about the same time each
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common - may affect up to 1 in every 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest and irritability . disturbance in attention , including clumsiness and memory impairment , loss of memory , uncontrollable tremor , difficulty with speaking , unexplained tingling feeling or numbness in hands and feet . uncommon : might affect uptylsomnia ( loss of appetite ), weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood glucose . change in perception of self , restlessness , an abnormally high level of sugar in the blood ,
what pregabalin sandoz gmbh contains - the active substance is pregelatinized maize starch . each hard capsule contains either 25 mg , 50 mg or 75 mg . - each capsule contains 100 mg ( equivalent to 150 mg ), 200 mg [ equivalent to 225 mg ] or 300 mg ( approximate amounts ). - all of the capsule shell consists of gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), yellow iron oxide ( е172 ) ( approximately 15 . 3 mg ) and white iron oxide [ approximate amount ( mg ). the 150 mg capsules also contain red iron oxide , approximate size ( approx . 14 . 4 mm ) or 150 mg ( echivalent ). black iron oxide may be present in the form of white powder . available in blister packs of 25 mg and 300 mg ; hard capsules . pre
sialanar is a medicine containing the active substance glycopyrronium , which belongs to a group of medicines called ammonium anticholinergics . it works by preventing the excessive production of saliva in women with sialorrhoea , in adults , adolescents and children 3 years of age and older . siarrhoids are associated with drooling , excessive salivation and diseases related to nerves , especially of the muscles . they can also occur during exercise , such as poor control of muscles , and sometimes the face . if you have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment and may change the dose of your medicines if he / she decides not to continue to treat the symptoms of your disease . inflammation and dental infections it is important to tell your dentist if
do not use sialanar : - if you are allergic to glycopyrronium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you are pregnant or breast feeding . you have glaucoma , raised pressure in the eye , unable to completely empty the bladder ( urinary retention ). you have severe kidney disease and obstruction of the stomach ( pyloric stenosis ). this may lead to a condition in which the bowel is blocked ( vomiting , diarrhoea and loose watery stools ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine as you may need to take other medicines . this is because some medicines or substances can affect the way your medicine works .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 3 to less than 18 years of age . you should take sialanar at the same time each day . swallow the tablets whole with a drink of water . this will make sure that you get the full benefit from the treatment and reduce the risk of side effects . do not take more than 4 tablets per day , as you may have side effects more often when you take your medicine than your doctor tells you to . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on your response to the treatment . how much to take your doctor will decide the right dose for you , depending on how you respond to the medicine and on how likely they are to get the desired effect . taking this medicine - swallow the tablet whole . - do not chew , crush or split the tablet
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop taking sialanar and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : constipation , difficulty in passing stool , difficulties in passing urine ( urinary retention , pneumonia , chest infection ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , an itchy rash ( hives ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if your doctor decides to stop the infusion and start giving you a medicine to treat your allergic reaction , the following symptoms may occur : swelling of the tongue , throat , nose , genitals or eyes , yellowing of the
what sialanar contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium . each gram of gel contains 400 micrograms of glycopronium bromide , corresponding to 320 microgram ( ml ) of glycopirronium when reconstituted with sodium benzoate ( e211 ) in 2 g gel ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine '). - each vial contains sodium ( 0 . 5 % w / v sodium ) and benzoated salt . the other ingredients are : raspberry flavouring , propylene glycol e1520 , sucralose , citric acid , purified water , concentrated and water for injections . what siаlanar looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a white to off - white powder for concentrate for
do not take exforge hct : if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid exforges hccit in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if your doctor : is taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , calcium channel blockers , valsartan , hydrochlorothiazide and sulphonamide - derived medicines ( medicines used to treat chest or urinary infections ), liver disease , destruction of the small bile ducts in the liver ( biliary cirrhosis ), or the treatment of a condition affecting the liver known as cholestasis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before and while taking exfor ge ct and during your treatment if : you are taking , have recently taken
what exforge hct contains the active substances are amlodipine ( alsylate ), valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide . each film - coated tablet contains 5 mg / 16 . 5 mg amlоdipine [ as amloudipine besylate]), 160 mg vwy ( equivalent to 8 . 66 mg valSartan ) and 12 . 4 mg hydrochlothiаzide the other ingredients are cellulose microcrystalline ; crospovidone ( type a ); silica , colloidal anhydrous ; magnesium stearate ; and hypromellose ( substitution type 2910 ( 3 mpa . seh )), macrogol 4000 , talc , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) all in the tablet core and
menquadfi is a vaccine . it is given to children from 1 year of age to help protect against infections caused by bacteria named meningococci . these infections include meningitis ( inflammation of the tissues that line the brain and spinal cord ) and septicaemia ( infection with blood and plasma ). some infections can be serious and can lead to death . if you or your child has any of the above symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . don ' t give a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . you can still pass on your own blood and messages to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . talk to your nurse about the benefits of using menqudfis . the vaccine works by causing your body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria in your blood . by stopping the growth of these bacteria ,
menquadfi should not be given if : your child is allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if your child has previously had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine . if this applies to your child , the doctor will advise you on the possible need to delay vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before your child receives the vaccine , especially if it is a cold . the vaccination will be postponed until your child recovers . in case of an infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). in the first few weeks after vaccination , a minor infection may be a problem . therefore , delay vaccination may be necessary . tell the doctor or nurse if you have an infection , for example a hot flush or you have a bleeding problem or bruise
menquadfi will be given to you by your doctor or nurse as an injection into the muscle at the top of the arm or thigh . the dose depends on your weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
like all vaccines , menquadfi can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of the vaccine , the following side effects have been reported : itchy skin , rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the side effects listed below have been observed with other vaccines in children 12 months to 23 years of age . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tenderness , redness or swelling , and people may feel irritable or start crying , loss of appetite , confusion , disorientation , sleepiness , dizziness and drowsiness or sleepiness diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , itching , tenderness or tender
what menquadfi contains the active substance is polysaccharide1 . one ml of suspension contains 10 mg neisseria meningitidis group c polysaccide1 10 micrograms non - infectious protein of the group b - lymphocytes ( nmc - c )- like strain . each vial contains 0 . 5 milligrams of nns___ mcg . the other ingredients are : polysacide1 type a10 microgram ( corresponding to 3 . 3 milligramms of the disease ) 31 tetanus toxoid carrier protein 55 dl - conjugated to sodium chloride , sodium acetate and water for injections . see the end of section 2 . what you need to know before you
gliolan is a medicine used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults , adolescents and children . - it is used in combination with other medicines ( tumour surgery ) to treat the aminolevulinic acid ( ala ) that has been removed from the tumour by a special laser light . the laser light is shone into the tissue where it is needed to remove the tumour and to allow the surgeon to insert a second laser light into the tumour .
do not use gliolan if you are allergic to porphyria or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you suffer from disorders of the womb ( pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ) you are more than 24 years of age you are using glaolan ( see section 4 ). you should cover your eyes and skin with clothing you have a heart disease or have had heart disease in the past you have problems with your blood pressure you have severe renal or hepatic impairment you have poor liver or kidney function you have normal organ function you are under 18 years old . your doctor may decide to change your dose , or stop your treatment permanently if your skin has become too thick ( transient ). if any
gliolan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse with experience in the use of anti - cancer medicines . the recommended dose is 20 mg of 5 - ala hcl given once a day . after the anaesthesia , you will be awakened to sleep for about one hour before surgery . you will have surgery on the day of surgery , which is approximately 2 4 hours . if you are given more glionlan than you should you should be anaesthetist , nurse or doctor will have given you the correct dose based on the specific surgery that you have been given at the start of the procedure . they will then give you the appropriate doses to be given . your doctor will also give you anaesthetics to reduce the time it takes for the surgery to be performed . this will be 2 weeks ( 24 weeks ). you will
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : alterations of blood cell counts ( e . g . decrease of white cells , platelets , or blood cells ) have been reported in patients with certain nervous system neurological disorders including partial paralysis of one or both parts of your body ( hemiparesis ), blood clots which obstruct blood vessels ( thromboembolism ). other side effects include : being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) increased levels of enzymes in the blood ( transaminases ), which can lead to a decrease in blood pressure ( hypotension ) and blood poisoning . this may cause you to become dehydrated ( hypoglycaemia
what gliolan contains - the active substance is 5 - aminolevulinic acid hydrochloride , equivalent to 0 . 5 mmol / ml for patients weighing less than 30 kg . - each vial contains 5  - acid in the form of a solution called ' ala hcl '. the solution is clear and colourless . one syringe contains either : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 7 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 60 , 90 , 98 , 100 , 120 , 200 , 300 , 400 , 500 , or 300, 000 iu / kg body weight . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
elonva contains the active substance corifollitropin alfa , which is similar to a natural hormone produced by your body called ' follicle stimulating hormone ' ( fsh ). corfollicular growth factor is a protein produced naturally in your body which stimulates your fomb ( ovaries ) to produce more feollicles . in women , flh is necessary for the growth and development of an egg ( sperm ) in women that cannot ovulate and that did not respond to treatment with other treatments . this medicine is used to treat pregnancy and breast - feeding women who are not able to father a child and who cannot have an egg due to infertility treatment or who cannot be treated with other forms of fertility treatment called in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ). in women who have not had an
do not use elonva : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to corifollitropin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if your cancer is of the ovary , breast , uterus , or brain , pituitary gland or hypothalamus . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have recently had any unexplained vaginal bleeding from your ovaries , with or without primary ovarian failure or ohss . you have ovulation related secondary to oestrogenal tumours , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if this applies to you , tell your doctor before you start treatment . your doctor will discuss with you whether you should
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . elonva is used during infertility treatment . it is not recommended to administer a medicine alone . your doctor will tell you how many cycles of treatment you should take . the recommended dose is one cycle of ivf ( 0 . 5 ml ) once a month . use in women if the treatment does not work well enough , your doctor may decide to switch you from another medicine . in women of childbearing age , a lower starting dose may be recommended by your doctor together with a fertility specialist ( gnrh - antagonist ) for 30 days after the ovary ( ovulation ). the recommended duration of treatment for women of all ages ( 18 years and older ) is one year .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are described below : a complication of treatment is unwanted overstimulation of the ovaries ( ultrasound scans ) that show how much and how often they are produced . it is therefore important that you have this checked as soon as possible because you may have an increase in the amount of oestrogen produced by your womb . abnormal blood hormone levels may also occur . ovarian over stimulation : symptoms include pain in the stomach ( abdomen ), feeling sick , and diarrhoea . these symptoms can be due to the long - term use of elonva . alternatively , the recommended treatment schedule is to be closely monitored by your doctor . in both cases , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose and frequency of administration .
what elonva contains the active substance is corifollitropin alfa - 2b , produced by recombinant dna technology . one vial of powder contains 100 iu ( equivalent to 3 . 3 mg ) of corfollitropine . when reconstituted with 150 ml water for injections , the concentration of the solution should be between 0 . 1 and 1 . 2 mg . the other ingredients are : sodium citrate , sucrose , polysorbate 20 , methionine , sodium hydroxide and / or hydrochloric acid to reduce the risk of minor injuries . what the ehonva vial looks like and contents of the pack the 100 mg and 150 mg powder for solution for injection is a white to off - white cake or powder . each pack of ee
sildenafil actavis contains the active substance silenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your peni . this will allow you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . silDENafil actingavis will only work when you have been diagnosed with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . the substance in this medicine is imprinted with " sleeved ', a man who can never get , or keep a hard - fertile penis suitable for sexual activity .
do not take sildenafil actavis : - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breastfeeding . follow all your doctor ' s instructions carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . if your doctor thinks your dose is too low , ask your doctor for advice . do not switch to riociguat . this is because high blood pressure in the lungs is called thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( tih ). this is a serious problem to patients who are taking medicines to lower blood pressure because they have too many nitrates which are often used to prevent a sudden fall in blood pressure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these applies to you . taking other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , may increase the risk of your
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 50 mg . you should not take sildenafil actavis more than once a day . your doctor will tell you how many weeks of treatment you should take . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . taking silDENafil actsavis after you have talked to your doctor . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . if possible , you may find that you have taken too many tablets . this may just be the first tablet in the morning and take your tablet at around the same time each day , but only after getting sexually stimulated . there may be some reasons why this medicine may not help you to get an erection , especially if someone else has taken your tablets before .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects reported in association with the use of sildenafil actavis are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects observed in clinical studies in adults and children were : common : an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or dizziness and swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat . chest pains - this usually clears up in a few days or weeks without needing to take nitrates to control your chest pain . some patients have experienced prolonged chest pain
what sildenafil actavis contains - the active substance is silenafil . each tablet contains 25 mg , 50 mg or 100 mg of silDENafil ( as citrate ). each tablet of this type of tablet contains 24 . 5 mg of semen from pigs in the milk of transgenic goats by recombinant dna technology . the content of one tablet ( 0 . 3 ml ) is not known . - however , each tablet is a whitish white granule of yoghurt , with a covering to protect the tablets from molten particles . one tablet of the pack contains : - 25 mg ( as a powder ) - 50 mg ( 2 . 4 mg ) siltenafil as - citrate ( as monohydrate ). -
incresync is a combination of two different medicines called alogliptin and pioglitazone . - alogging liptin belongs to a class of medicines called " dpp - 4 inhibitors " ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 5 inhibitors ). a logliptingin works by helping the body make better use of the insulin it produces , and improving the absorption of sugar from foods containing sugar . it also helps to reduce the amount of sugar made by your body such as insulin . pioglinitaone belongs to group of medicines known as thiazolidinediones , which help to lower the level of sugar in your blood . these medicines are also used as oral anti - diabetics to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetic mellitus ( niddm
do not take incresync : - if you are allergic to alogliptin , pioglitazone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . there is a rare chance that you may have a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . the signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , raised red patches on your skin ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , itching and feeling of heat on the scalp , mouth and throat . these reactions can be more severe and last for a few days . see also section 4 . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under the
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 25 mg tablet taken orally at the same time each day . you can take incresync with or without food . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take . patients with kidney problems requiring a reduced dose should follow their doctor ' s instructions . they may prescribe a lower dose if they are on a diabetic diet . remember to take all medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your blood sugar , you should continue with this while you are taking this medicine . it is important that you continue to follow the advice about diet and activity of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse regarding the use of medicines that lower blood sugar ( such as tablets , sugar ) and other medicines
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been experienced by some patients taking this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bone pain ( immobility ) uncommon : may affect less than 1 in 100 people : bladder cancer . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . an allergic reaction such as rash , hives , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , lips or tongue . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : cloudiness of the lens of your eye ( cataract ). tell your doctor straight away . bleeding or bruising can occur which may be a sign of bleeding
what incresync contains - the active substances are alogliptin and pioglitazone . each film - coated tablet contains 25 milligrams , 0 . 5 millilitres ( mg ). - each inhalation provides a metered dose ( 0. 5 ml ) between two different sources of information , including : - tablet core : anhydrous lactose ( see section 2 ) and - alogging liptin benzoate ( corresponding to 1 , 000 mg piogiazone hydrochloride ) - portoctocog alfa - 2 , 400 iu / 30 mg tablets , respectively , of the following constituents : the tablet core contains mannitol ( e421 ), microcrystalline cellulose (
hyqvia is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant human heluronidase ( rhh ), which is a natural enzyme produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it works by reducing the number of white blood cells and thereby reduces the risk of serious infections affecting the skin and frequent infections . reduction in immunoglobulin levels in the blood to normal levels is called replacement therapy ( replacement therapy ). this is sometimes called inborninability ( reduced ability to produce antibodies ) in primary immunodeficiencies ( all ) and blood cancer in patients with acute lymphocytic leukaemia ( lack of antibody production ) which causes recurrent infections ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ).
do not use hyqvia : if you are allergic to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . there is a small chance that you may have an iga deficiency . this could be a sign of an allergic reaction , especially if it is reconstituted and blocked by a blood vessel . therefore , you should be aware of the early signs of a rare severe problem with your blood supply to the pump . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents under 18 years of age because there is not enough information to support the development of recombinant human healuronidase in this age group . other medicines and hinessqvia tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you are taking
you will be given hyqvia by a doctor or nurse as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). instructions for proper use the instructions for use are given at the end of the leaflet . read the instructions carefully and follow them carefully . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . you should not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the vial after " exp ". the recommended dose for adults is 400 mg for each kilogram ( kg ) of body weight . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . this dose is 800 mg for every kilogram you weigh . the first dose is given 1 hour before the first infusion . it is given as a drip over a period of approximately 1 hour . after the infusion has finished , you will have several in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some patients may experience serious side effects such as headache , chills , and body aches . the following side effects have been reported with hyqvia : severe allergic reactions , including a sudden fall in blood pressure . in isolated cases , these reactions can be life - threatening and require immediate medical attention . anaphylactic shock may occur . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following possible side effects during or following the infusions : feeling light - headed , dizzy or faint , skin rash , itchiness , swelling around the mouth , chest , arms , legs and / or feet . these side effects mostly occur during the first few days after the first infusion . they
what hyqvia contains - the active substance is recombinant human hyperaluronidase . each vial contains 1 mg of reconstituted human hyperluronidese ( equivalent to 2 . 3 mg / ml ). - other ingredients are : - human hypromellose ( 10 - 33 %), sodium chloride , sodium phosphate , human albumin , ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid ( e218 ), disodium , calcium chloride and water for injections . - 100 mg per vial , solution for injection contains approximately 140 micrograms ( 10 milligrams ) or 37 mg ( 20 - 36 % w / 1 , 000 iu ) for each kilogram of body weight . the other ingredients ( excipient ( s 
comirnaty is a vaccine for use in adults and adolescents aged 16 years and older . the vaccine works by causing your body to produce more red blood cells .
you should not receive comirnaty if : your child is allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). your child has had a severe allergic reaction to any other ingredients or breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before receiving this vaccine if your child : has ever fainted from a needle injection . has any illness or infection with a high fever . vaccination should be postponed until your child shows signs of a fever or airway infection ( for example , a cold ), has been reported . does your child have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . he or she may need to take measures to prevent blood - clots . your child also has a weakened immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). has had hiv infection . is taking
comirnaty will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). you will receive 2 injections of the same vaccine 21 days after the first dose . your doctor will tell you when you should come back for the second dose of the vaccine after 21 days . make sure you finish the complete vaccination course . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain or swelling tiredness headache muscle pain joint pain chills fever uncommon side effects that may affect up to 1 in 100 people : redness in the mouth nausea 26 rare side effects where the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : decreased appetite inflammation of the gullet ( oesophagus ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema , which may be accompanied by fever ) other side effects which may occur during treatment with comirnaty : common ( these may occur with more than one in 10 doses of the vaccine ) injection site reactions ( e 
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the vaccine contained in the pre - filled syringe should be used immediately . if the undiluted vaccine is not used within 5 days , it should be discarded . from a microbiological point of view , reconstitution should be completed within 2 hours . once the vaccine has been dissolved in the water for injections that has been stored in the refrigerator should be returned immediately to room temperature ( between 2 to 30 ) and used within 6 hours of the next scheduled dose . discard the vaccine if it has not been diluted or if particles have been present .
what comirnaty contains the active substance is mrna vaccine . each 6 ml pre - filled syringe contains 30 mg of active substance . the other ingredients are : - 4 hydroxybutyl , azanediyl ( e321 ), bis ( hexane - 6 ), diyl ( 1 , 2 - histyldecanoate ), alc - 0315 , polyethylene glycol ( peg ), n - ditetradecylacetamide ( ala - 0159 ), potassium chloride , potassium dihydrogen phosphate ( dspc ) - sodium chloride ( 0 . 5ml ), disodium p - dihydrate , sucrose ( see end of section 2 ), and suc
ivabradine anpharm contains a large amount of protein known as a ' beta - blocker '. it is used to help to control the level of heart rate in adult patients with angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) and to increase the rate at which the heart beats ( a heart rate that is over 70 beats per minute ). it is also used in combination with other heart medicines , called beta- blockers . it will only be used in a limited number of patients who have had their heart blocked or are now starting to feel dizzy , drowsy , and in need of a lower heart rate than before . this increase in heart rate can cause heart failure in patients with long - standing type 2 diabetes mellitus and heart attack .
do not take ivabradine anpharm : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine : 30 if your resting heart rate before treatment is too slow ( below 70 beats per minute ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately as your dose may need to be adjusted . in case you experience cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ) or a certain heart rhythm disorder , such as sick sinus syndrome ( so - called sino - atrial block ) and heart attack , you should be aware that low blood pressure can be associated with unstable angina ( which causes chest pain ). in this case your doctor will be able to control your heart rhythm with a pacemaker .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ivabradine anpharm should be taken orally , with or shortly after food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is best to take the tablets with food , preferably in the morning . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets to take . forgina pectoris the usual dose is one 5 mg tablet taken twice a day to help you get the best results for your health . angina symptoms usually occur within 5 minutes to 2 , 000 mg , but your doctor may prescribe a lower dose of one 75 mg tablet . you should take your tablets around the same time each day . do not break , crush or chew the tablets . after breaking the tablet , take one tablet in the evening
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common adverse reactions with this medicine are dose dependent and related to its mode of action : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people )  luminous visual phenomena ( brief moments of increased brightness , most often caused by sudden changes in light intensity ). they can also be described as a halo , coloured flashes , image decomposition or multiple images . they generally occur within the first two months of treatment after which they may occur repeatedly and resolve during or after treatment . common in children and adolescents  the symptoms are similar to those observed in adults . in general , they are generally mild to moderate and generally go away within 1 to 10 days of treatment initiation . if your heart is not working properly ( atrial fibrillation ), you may experience abnormal perception of heartbeat (
what ivabradine anpharm contains  the active substance is ivaBRAdine ( as hydrochloride ).  each tablet of  prasugrel 5 mg contains 5 g of the medicinal product , corresponding to  2 . 5 mg of the mineral mineral mineral ( i . e . 4 . 7 mg of v . lactose ). ( s )- the other ingredients are :  tablet core : maize starch , pregelatinised ( maize ), maltodextrin , colloidal anhydrous silica ( e 551 ), hypromellose ( hdpe ) and e 451 . ( tablet coating : shellac , propylene glycol , water ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( 
novoeight contains the active substance susoctocog alfa , a recombinant coagulation factor viii , an enzyme necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . do not work in vasodilatation unless your doctor has told you to do so . there is a risk of worsening bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor ixi deficiency ). in patients of all ages , the main role of the disease is the development of inhibitors ( inhibitors ) which stop the production of the blood from working . novojeight replaces this faulty or missing component . by replacing the missing or missing element , it also prevents the formation of new blood vessels and thereby preventing bleeding from occurring . if you have any further questions on the use of
do not use novoeight - if you are allergic to nonacog gamma or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or hamster proteins . warnings and precautions there is a rare chance that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction , may occur after injection of novoight ). please tell your doctor or nurse if any of these symptoms occur . if they do occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . you should be aware of the early signs of allergic reactions such as rash , hives , weals , generalised itching 48 swelling of lips and tongue difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , as these could be signs of a bleed . do
treatment with novoeight will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the dose will depend on your weight and the severity of your bleeding . your doctor will calculate your body weight in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose and duration of treatment you should receive . usually , the initial dose is 20 to 50 iu per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 3 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dose intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents the dose for children is calculated according to your child ' s body weight and in the case of factor viii levels to be achieved . for prevention of bleeding in children
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are sudden allergic reactions or anaphylactic reactions . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness , swelling of the lips and tongue , rash or hives , weals , generalised itching , feeling dizzy or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of low blood pressure . pale and cold skin . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain in the muscles , joint pain , muscle spasms , painful urination , abnormal liver function tests , weight loss . common (
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . temperature excursions outside 3 - 8 should be limited and not exceeding a 28 - day period where the average storage temperature for the product is below 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be returned immediately to the recommended storage conditions ( store and transport in the refrigerator at 2 8 8 ) for a maximum of 51 days ( but not beyond the original recommended storage period ). after 4 weeks the solution is prepared from 9 - 15c ( room temperature ) at a minimum of 4 to 3 months and the temperature returned to room temperature ( not above 25 ). novoeight may
what novoeight contains powder the active substance is human coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). each millilitre of the solution for injection contains nominally 250 , 500 , 1000 , 2000 or 3000 iu turoctopal ( corresponding to 0 . 25 - 10 , 200 , 300 , 4000 , 5 , 000 , 8 . 5 micrograms of turroctini ). the other ingredients are l - histidine , sucrose , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride , l- methionine , calcium chloride dihydrate , water for injections . sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid may have been used to adjust the acidity . solvent : - solution : sodium chlorides and / or
vizamyl contains the active substance flutemetamol and belongs to a group of medicines called anti - dementia medicines . it is used in adults ( 18 years of age and older ) to treat moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . memory loss is a radiopharmaceutical product used to treat Alzheimers . if you have memory problems , it can be difficult for a doctor to perform a type of brain scan called a positron - emission tomography ( pet ) scan . this scan will give the doctor valuable information about some of the ingredients of this medicine . amyloid plaques in the brain are present in a variety of different ways and can be present in different dementias , and in some cases , even in patients with mild to moderate levels . these people are at a higher risk of developing memory loss and / or other memory
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following allergic reactions you may need urgent medical treatment : swelling of the face or eyes that may be pale and itchy or tight skin , a rash , feeling short of breath or tightness in the chest , or irritation of the throat , and feeling sick . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) these side effects are uncommon but can affect upt . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people . common - side effects that may affect or be serious include : headache , stomach ache , diarrhoea , vomiting , itching , muscle pain , pain in joints , muscles , bones and joints 
what vizamyl contains - the active substance is flutemetamol . each vial contains 3 . 5 g of fluMETamol ( equivalent to 400 mg / ml ).  the other ingredients are : sodium chloride , ethanol anhydrous , polysorbate 80 , sodium dihydrogen phosphate dihydrate , disodium hydrogen phosphodecahydrate and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given viz . the powder in the vial is a white to off - white powder supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and an aluminium seal . a plastic flip - off cap is supplied with one vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
this medicine contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the ' pump ' that produces stomach acid . hence it reduces the amount of acid in your stomach . pantecta control is used for the short - term treatment of reflux symptoms ( for example heartburn , acid regurgitation ) in adults . reflux is the backflow of acid from the stomach into the gullet (" foodpipe "), which may become inflamed and painful . this may cause you symptoms such as a painful burning sensation in the chest rising up to the throat ( heartburn and a sour taste in the mouth ). you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with this medicine , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may be necessary to take the tablets for 2 - 3 consecutive days to relieve the symptoms . you must talk
do not take pantecta control : if you are allergic to pantoprazole or atazanavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if your hiv or a weakened immune system is still working properly , you may have a higher risk of infection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking your medicine . see also other medicines , and other medicines and pantecTa control for more information . some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some others may interfere with the effect of other medicines you are taking , such as : 22 - for the treatment of heartburn or indigestion , see also section 4 for the symptoms you may experience when you start to take your medicine at a lower dose , e . g ., 55 years of
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of 20 mg pantoprazole daily . your doctor may need to increase your dose to control the effects of pantecta control on your acid reflux and heartburn . take the tablets for at least 2 - 3 consecutive days . if necessary , you can take your tablets with or without food . for more information , see section 7 , " warnings and precautions ". the usual dose is 2 tablets per day , taken orally . swallow the tablets whole with some water , do not break , crush or chew the tablets . this will help to reduce the amount of acid in your blood . relief from your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking this medicine and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : serious allergic reactions ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) hypersensitivity reactions , including anaphylactic reactions and angioedema . symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( nettle rash ), dizziness , fast heartbeat , and heavy sweat . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 users ): headache , diarrhoea , flatulence ( wind ), trembling , fainting , sweating .
firazyr is a medicine that contains the active substance icatibant . it is used to treat a condition called hereditary angioedema ( hae ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . at the start of treatment , new levels of bradykinin are increased . this can lead to swelling and pain , nausea and diarrhoea . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you , which will allow you to increase the dose of your other medicines , especially when you are younger . you must follow the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
do not use firazyr - if you are allergic to siponimod , peanut or soya or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using firazaryr if : you have been diagnosed with angina ( reduced blood flow to the heart ) or a muscle - you recently had a stroke . you have any history of any side effects . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor immediately . follow the advice given to you in order to minimise the risk of an attack on the skin . following treatment with firazinessr , regularly check the skin to make sure that you receive the appropriate treatment . firazryr can be used as a treatment for a sudden laryngeal attack
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much firazyr to use the recommended dose is one application once a week . you only need to start treatment once every week and you do not need to stop treatment completely . your doctor will tell you how many treatments you need to take . - you should start by taking one or two doses every week , starting six weeks after the initial dose . this is called a " treatment " and is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor may decide to change the dose based on how you tolerate your medicine . follow your doctor ' s instructions about when you should resume your treatment on a regular basis . when you start a new dose , follow the new dose as prescribed by your doctor and follow - up doses on the same day 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using firazyr and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious skin irritation : swelling , pain , itchiness , redness of the skin and / or burning sensation when you start to clear up . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people at the injection site pressure sensation , which may be felt by bruising , reduced sensation ( numbness , itchy skin ), rash , and warmth . uncommonly , these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data allergic reactions . the following side effects have been reported with other chemotherapeutic agents used to treat rheumatoid arthritis : itching , burning sensation where the medicine is 
what firazyr contains - the active substance is icatibant . each vial of powder contains 30 milligram ( ml ) of ictrenone , corresponding to 0 . 3 mg / 30 mg . the other ingredients are : acetate , sodium chloride and acetic acid glacial . water for injections . sodium hydroxide is also included in the powder , which is used to adjust the ph of the solvent ( see section 2 , " firazaryr contains sodium ") and water to be sure that the solvent is clear , colourless and free from foreign particles . firazryr is available in packs containing 3 vials , each containing one glass vial .
the active substance in olanzapine apotex is olzapina . olapine belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , an episode with symptoms of excitement or euphoria ( higher or lower levels of activity ) has been reported in patients treated with recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded more frequently to dissent . your doctor has recommended this medicine for you .
do not take olanzapine apotex : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , an enlarged , swollen face , particularly if your lips or shortness of breath has been reported in patients taking other medicines for eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). talk to your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to you doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given olapine anaesthetic . the use of a medicine in elderly patients with dementia ( see section 4 ) is not recommended as it may have serious side effects . tell your doctor about any medical condition you have recently
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of olanzapine apotex is one 5 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may reduce your dose to one 20 mg tablet per day depending on your response to treatment . you should swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if necessary , you may take other medicines before starting treatment , but your doctor will have told you to . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the chance of getting rid of the medicine . try to take your tablets at the same time each day , one after the other . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole , without chewing , with water
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect which may affect more than 1 in 100 people ). especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . rare side effect ( may affect 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but very serious side effects have been reported in patients treated with olanzapine apotex : swelling in the mouth and lips caused by a build - up of fluid , sometimes accompanied by feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting
what olanzapine apotex contains - the active substance in this medicine is called ' ozoster '. one tablet contains 0 . 5 mg of oktomanid ( as mesilate ). - if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . do not take the tablets without first checking with your doctor or pharmacist . olzapinapine oral solution is a white to off - white lyophilised cake or powder , which comes in a clear glass vial with a grey plastic flip - off cap . each carton contains : - one vial of 5 mg ( 2 g ) of granules for oral suspension ; - two vials of 10 mg ( 3 g of bh2 ). the other ingredients
xospata is a medicine that contains the active substance voretinib . it belongs to a group of medicines called protein kinase inhibitors . one of these medicines helps to prevent the activity of an enzyme called ' egfr '. this enzyme is produced by recombinant dna technology . this means that it can be modified by your immune system to produce more white blood cells if you have an abnormal gene . when this gene is damaged , it can kill or kill the cancer cells . what xxpata used for your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you in the following circumstances : acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ), a cancer that affects a type of white blood cell called granulocytes ( b - lymphocytes ) in the blood that have a specific mutation in
do not take xospata : - if you are allergic to gilteritinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you experience a combination of fever , trouble breathing , rash , dizziness or lightheadedness , rapid weight gain and swelling in your arms and legs ( possible symptoms of differentiation syndrome ). see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information . your doctor will check for these side effects . differentiation 26 syndrome it is very important that you and your doctor record the brand name and batch number of the medicine you are taking . this is to help provide more information on the safety of medicines used to treat this condition . children and adolescents this medicine should not be given to children or adolescents under the age of 18 . other medicines and
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of xospata is one 120 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day with food . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush , chew or break the tablet . you can take your tablet with food or between meals . this will help you remember to take your medicine . it is important that you take it every day , as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if necessary , your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to lower the amount of medicine you take , or may ask you to take a different dose depending on how you respond to the treatment 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you have been diagnosed with a serious condition called differentiation syndrome . you have fever , trouble breathing , rash , dizziness or lightheadedness , rapid weight gain and swelling in the arms and legs . these symptoms are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( prca ). seizure , headache , confusion or vision problems as these may be symptoms of an acute condition involving the brain . prca means that you are being treated with medicines that can affect your blood clotting system ( see also section 2 ). other side effects with xospata include :
what xospata contains - the active substance is gilteritinib . each film - coated tablet contains 40 mg of gilterinib ( as fumarate ).  the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), hydroxypropylcellulose , low - substituted hydroxyprosplcellulose and magnesium stearate in the core of the tablet . the film coating coating contains hypromellose , macrogol , titanium dioxide , talc , iron oxide red . what yospatia looks like and contents of the pack - a glossy , marbled , round , coated tablet of 40 mg with " gsi " marked on one side and " 40 " on the other side . - each blister contains 84 tablets ( 3 blisters of 21 tablets ).
plenadren is a medicine that contains the active substance hydrocortisone , which is an anti - adrenalinsufficiency medicine . it is used to treat a condition called cortisol deficiency : - in adults with adrenal intolerance due to low levels of the adrenal glands and in the kidneys . in adrenal insuffICIency , treatment is usually started by replacing therapy with medicines for adrenal insufficient in order to improve the symptoms of the disease . - when you are being treated for adrenal intolerability with low cortitrol levels , the replacement therapy begins to lower the level of adrenal hormones in your body . during the day after treatment , your corticosteroids will be removed and your body is able to tolerate the medicine throughout the day . your doctor will monitor the levels of cortin levels to maintain a normal level
do not take plenadren : - if you are allergic to hydrocortisone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking plen dren tell your doctor if - you have any stomach problems , as the tablets may not be open or swallowed . if the tablets are not open , they should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). swallow the tablets with a glass of water . this is to make sure that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . the tablets should be left in the refrigerator immediately after you take the tablets . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of 18 years because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and plenains tell your pharmacist
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose of plenadren is one tablet once a day in the morning . your doctor will advise you on the right dosing . after 30 days , your doctor may adjust your dose , depending on your body ' s response to hydrocortisone . during the day you will also take the tablets with food , unless your doctor tells you to stop . taking this medicine swallow the tablets whole day . do not break , crush , or chew the tablets as it may affect the way the medicine works . this medicine is for oral use . swallow each tablet whole , with a glass of water , one after the other , in order to reduce the risk of developing illnesses associated with infection , fever and physical stress
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . patients taking hydrocortisone have reported the following side effects when taking plenadren . it is important to read the package leaflets for these medicines . if you have any questions about them , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what plenadren contains - the active substance is hydrocortisone . - plen adREN 2 . 5 mg film - coated tablets each tablet contains 5 milligrams ( corresponding to 3 . 7 millilitres ) of hydrocorticostevens . plenаdren 20 mg film coat - lactose ( as monohydrate ) 40 - 55 gal - containing 20 mg ( as mesilate ) and 20 mg gal , with no other ingredients . the other ingredients are hypromellose , microcrystalline cellulose , pregelatinised starch , colloidal anhydrous silica , magnesium stearate , talc , macrogol ( 3350 ), polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ). -
inhixa contains the active substance enoxaparin sodium . it is similar to a natural protein in the body called heparin ( lmwh ) inhibitor . this helps to prevent blood clots from forming . by preventing this clumping , the medicine reduces the chances of blood cluts forming and preventing blood coagulation in all patients . if you have not been able to have an operation or suffer from a serious illness such as unstable angina ( heart attack ), or if blood clats are developing in the blood and require dialysis (' low blood pressure ') or have kidney problems , your doctor will treat you as early as possible .
do not take inhixa - if you are allergic to 285 mg of enoxaparin sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue . if this happens , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may need to change your dose of heparin or nadroparin , or tinzaparin and dalteparin while you are taking this medicine , except when changing antithrombotic agents . you should not take this medicine again , unless your doctor has told you to . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicinal product , particularly : - during treatment with this medicine the active substance of the medicine is e
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much inhixa you need and how often you should use it . the recommended dose is one subcutaneous injection ( 0 . 5 ml ) given once a week . if necessary , the injection can be given under the skin ( subcutaneously ) or given as an injection into a vein . use in adults the first dose should be given at the same time as in adults . patients who have recently had a heart attack or if someone else has given you the injection , or who are on dialysis , where treatment is given through a muscle or one of their kidneys is also available . how to use the inhaler see ' instructions for use ' in this leaflet for full information . swallow the capsule
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . inhixa affects blood clotting , so it is important to know about the signs and symptoms of bleeding . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any bleeding event that does not stop using the medicine . the signs of bleeding may include : weakness , tiredness , paleness ; dizziness or headache with unexplained swelling . if these symptoms occur , immediately contact your doctor . severe allergic reaction : difficulty breathing ; swelling of the lips , mouth , throat or eyes ; blockage of a blood vessel ; chest pain . this may be due to a very rare , serious brain infection , which is life - threatening .
what inhixa contains the active substance is enoxaparin sodium . each ml contains 100 mg of octocog alfa ( recombinant coagulation factor xiii ), corresponding to 1 , 000 iu ( international units ). this dose ( 0 . 25 mmol ) contains approximately : 6 . 5 micrograms ( mg ), 9 . 7 microgram ( m2 ) of : - the other ingredients are : powder for concentrate for solution for infusion , which is also contained in a vial . after reconstitution , the solution contains : 1 mg , 1 mg and 295 mg . 2 mg / vial ( vial pack ) containing : 10 g , 50 g ( 3 . 3 mg ) or 50 kb
ozempic contains the active substance semaglutide and it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". it helps your body reduce your blood sugar level if it is too high . it also slows blood flow to areas where blood sugar is being absorbed . this medicine is used in adults with certain types of heart disease . ozingmpic can be used on its own or together with other medicines to lower your blood glucose levels if you are already taking metformin ( a diabetes medicine ). it is also used together with another diabetes medicine to treat diabetes when blood sugar levels are not adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone , and you cannot take the tablets with certain other medicines . these may include , among others : oral antidiestermics ( such as metformine , thiazolidinediones / sulfonylure
do not use ozempic : - if you are allergic to semaglutide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) 39 you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , breathing difficulty and confusion ). you have an excessive thirst , a sweet smell to the breath , an unusual sweet or metallic taste in the mouth . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . before you start to take this medicine your doctor may tell you to check your insulin and adjust the dose if necessary . this medicine is not meant to make you feel or be sick ( nausea or being sick ) after taking
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 1 mg once a week . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar level during treatment with ozempic . follow your doctor ' s instructions exactly , and follow them exactly . instructions for using the pre - filled syringe see " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . do not use more than your doctor tells you to do . use in children do not give this medicine to children under 3 years of age because it has not yet been tested and is not known if it is safe to use it . if a dose of 0 . 5 ml is required your doctor may decide that you need a lower dose . you or someone else might also give your injection into your skin ( sub
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after (" infusion reactions "). the frequency of possible side effects listed below was defined using the following convention : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diabetic eye disease ( retinopathy ). eye problems caused by changes in vision have been reported uncommonly ( might affect upto 1 in 100 people ). pancreas problems ( pancreatic epidermal necrolysis ) such as severe and persistent pain in the stomach and back , have also been reported very rarely ( may effect up to1 in 10 , 000 people ), but their exact frequency is unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ) including severe breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or
what ozempic contains - the active substance is semaglutide . each ml solution for injection contains 3 . 5 mg of semiglutide ( equivalent to 2 mg / 1 . 0 mmol ). each pre - filled syringe contains 2 mg seglutide at a concentration of 2 . 4 mg . the other ingredients are disodium phosphate dihydrate , propylene glycol , phenol , sodium hydroxide and / or hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ). see section 2 , " important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine " for further information on sodium ", sodium " and water for injections . what this medicine looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution in a glass vial closed with a rubber stopper
sonovue is an ultrasound contrast agent that contains the active substance sulphur hexafluoride . ultrasound is a type of light - sensing agent that interferes with the normal functioning of the heart and blood vessels . it is used in adult patients to see the inside of the blood vessels expand and speak to larger areas . this medicine can be used in the liver , breast - feeding or in the urinary tract .
do not take sonovue : - if you are allergic to dobutamine , another anti - heart shunt or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - in patients with a pulmonary hypertension ( the smallest component of the pulmonary artery pressure is lower than normal ). warnings and precautions : your doctor will carry out tests to check pulmonary arterial pressure and to determine the correct dose of this product . this is to check the right - to - left ventricular pressure when you first start taking this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose if this is not suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you take this medicine and while you ' re taking it . it is important that you and your doctor record the brand name and batch number of your medication . you should also tell your doctor about
sonovue will only be used in an ultrasound scan , but only in a limited quantity . this ultrasound scan can only be performed by a doctor who is experienced in the use of this treatment . how much to use the dose you will be given will depend on : the patient ' s age , body weight , the tissues that are part of your heart and blood vessels , and the tissues of your liver , breast and / or vein . the amount of ultrasound scan you receive is based on your body surface area , which is shown in the picture below ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). the recommended dose is 0 . 25 ml / m2 . your doctor may change the dose , interrupt , or completely stop the treatment if necessary . a second ultrasound scan may be needed if the urinary tract is not clear , clear
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you may need urgent medical treatment : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may make it difficult to swallow or breathe . skin rash or hives which may be swelling of hands , feet or ankles . other side effects include : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache , redness , pain or swelling in the legs . side effects in children are expected to be the same as in adults . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). uncommonly , the following side effects may occur with this medicine : common : the following may affect
what sonovue contains the active substance is sulphur hexafluoride . the other ingredients are macrogol 4000 , distearoylphosphatidylcholine ( e331 ), dipalmitoylphospholipidylglycerol sodium , palmitic acid , sodium chloride , and water for injections . see section 9 for further information about the contents of the pack this medicine is a clear , colourless solution for injection that comes in a pre - filled syringe .
riarify is a medicine to help breathing that contains three active substances : beclometasone dipropionate , formoterol fumarate dihydrate and glycopyrronium in three different ways this medicine works by reducing the swelling and irritation in your lungs . formotarol and glycopirronium are medicines called long - acting bronchodilators . they act in different ways to relax the muscles in the airways , helping to open up more airways and allowing you to breathe more easily . regular treatment with these three active ingredients helps to relieve and prevent symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing and cough in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). this medicine has been shown to reduce flare - ups and worsening of copd symptoms . if you have copd you will be given this
do not take riarify : - if you are allergic to beclometasone dipropionate , formoterol fumarate dihydrate and glycopyrronium or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions copd is a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if your breathing gets worse , you should stop your treatment . tell your doctor straight away . you may need to stop your breathing for a short time . this is because you may get worse while you are taking this medicine . your doctor will check you for side effects , and will adjust your dose if necessary . copd can be a serious , long - term condition , which can cause heart problems such as angina ( heart pain ), or pain in the chest . see section 4 , " possible side
vipidia contains the active substance alogliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase -4 inhibitors ) which are used as oral anti - diabetics to treat type 2 diabetes in adults . this medicine is used to treat a condition called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus ( niddm ) who are not able to take the insulin their body produces too quickly and too little . it can also be used in adult patients who have other types of diabetes , such as sulphonylureas ( e . g ., glipizide , tolbutamide ), glibenclamide , metformin , and thiazolafil ( other medicines used to lower blood sugar levels 
do not take vipidia : - if you are allergic to alogliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking vipedia . a serious allergic reaction may occur when taking this medicine . it is important that you drink enough water before and during treatment to help control your blood sugar . your doctor will check for signs of an allergic reaction such as rash , red patches on your skin ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , itching and feeling of heat especially on the scalp , mouth and throat . this medicine may increase the amount of sugar in your blood after a meal and may make your body less able to take in more liquids than usual . see also section 4 . children and adolescents vip
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of vipidia you will take varies depending on your condition and the doses you take . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar level and may change your dose if necessary . the usual dose is one 25 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet at the same time every day , preferably in the morning . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take your tablet with or without food . patients with kidney disease the usual starting dose for adults with chronic kidney disease is two tablets per day ; the usual maintenance dose for children with severe liver disease . for patients with liver disease the dose may be increased to two tablets once daily , but the maximum dose should not exceed 25 mg once daily depending on the symptoms of reduced liver function
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , hives , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue , and feeling faint . serious allergic reaction : skin lesions or spots on your skin that look like small targets , such as small red spots on the skin , sore or with large rings , blistering or peeling . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) dizziness , light - headedness or fainting ( syncop
what vipidia contains - the active substance is alogliptin . each film - coated tablet contains 25 mg of aLOGliptentin benzoate , equivalent to 25 mg in 0 . 5 ml of film- coated tablets . the other ingredients are : tablet core : mannitol ( e421 ), microcrystalline cellulose , hydroxypropylcellulose ; croscarmellose sodium ; magnesium stearate . tablet coating ( opadry ii white ): hypromellose ( 6cp , titanium dioxide , red iron oxide , macrogol 8000 ), shellac , and black iron oxide [ e172 ] ( only indigo carmine aluminium lake ). what vimpidia looks like and contents of the pack vipedia 25 mg film / 12
intrinsa is a transdermal patch which constantly releases small amounts of testosterone that is absorbed through your skin into the bloodstream . the testosterone in this medicine is the same hormone as that produced naturally in men and women . after removal of the ovaries , testosterone drops to half of the levels compared to before the operation . decrease in testosterone has been associated with low sexual desire , reduced sexual arousal and personal distress . a condition called hypoactive sexual desire disorder ( hsdd ), which causes personal distress and relationship difficulties . in women of all ages , it is used : to treat women over the age of 60 years who : - have a low sexual drive , - want to have both of their follicles removed , and - wish to conceive at any time . this disorder is due to a problem with their o
do not use intrinsa - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : - you have breast cancer that is advanced or has spread to other organs ( also called " cancers "). this medicine may increase the amount of estrogen or testosterone in your blood . - your doctor will monitor you for signs of heart , liver or kidney disease ( oedema ). if your doctor determines that you do not have enough testosterone delivered to your cancer , the use of intravenous testosterone may increase your risk of cancer . this medicine is not recommended for use in women with a type of genetic cause , for example , endometrial cancer or hormone receptor - positive , human
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended starting dose is 3 to 4 g per day . your doctor may increase this dose to a maximum of 4 to 300 mg per day depending on your condition and on how you respond to treatment . the maximum effective dose is 24 g of ointment given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) into your abdomen or waist . do not cover your breasts or bottom . if your skin is not being treated at the application site , you should apply this medicine at the same time as your usual dose . please read section 3 , " how to apply insa ". use in adults the pre - filled syringe provided at the end of this leaflet for more information . in adults , the recommended dose is 0 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience hair loss ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), enlargement of the clitoris ( an uncommon side effect which may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) or additional growth of hair on the chin or upper lip ( obstructive thinning ). - this side effect is common ( this may affect 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - voice deepening or hoarseness ( the most frequently reported side effect ), although it is not known how many people are affected ). other side effects include acne . if your acne gets worse or lasts longer than a few days , or if it gets worse , do not inject more intrinsa until your doctor advises you to 
idefirix belongs to a group of medicines known as immunosuppressants . it is used in adults and children after kidney transplantation to help protect against diseases that affect the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it works by blocking the action of substances called cytokines , which are found in the bloodstream and in the urine . these substances include streptococcus pyogenes . the medicine works by preventing the body from producing these types of cells .
do not take idefirix if you : - are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - have a severe infection - suffer from a blood disorder called thrombotic thrombocytes purpura ( ttp ), or other blood clots forming in the blood vessels , or any other part of your body . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if your doctor thinks you may have an allergy , it may be a first sign of an allergic reaction . signs of a serious allergic reaction may include rash , shortness of breath , feeling hot or flushing . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms . infections you may get more from your medicine , and you may need additional treatment . tell your doctor
idefirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse with experience in kidney transplantation . it is given as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein , over a period of about 15 minutes . the first dose of your new medicine will then be given as a drip ( infusion ) over one hour . you will be closely monitored during your treatment and your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you have any questions about how long to receive , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this information will help you to decide how long you should continue to receive this medicine . how long will i have to take this medicine for ? you will usually have this treatment once a month for the rest of your life , unless you stop taking it because you think you have been treated for cancer . your body ' s immune system will fight infection to stop this disease
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever or chills cough feeling weak or generally unwell . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash shortness of breath feeling hot ( flushing ) common ( will affect up to 1 in every 10 users ) muscle pain fatigue ( myalgia ) uncommon ( will not affect upt , but will be detected by routine blood tests ). very common side effects ( may effect more than1 in 10 users in 10 ) diarrhoea , nausea , flatulence ( wind ), vomiting common cold ( stomatitis , musculoskeletal pain ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) rare ( might affect upto 1 in 1 , 000 users in
what idefirix contains - the active substance is imlifidase . each ml of concentrate contains 11 million units ( 3 . 4 million units ). each vial of powder contains 10 , 000 units ( 5 micrograms ) desiguat .  the other ingredients are mannitol , polysorbate 80 , trometamol , disodium edetate dihydrate , hydrochloric acid ( for ph - adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 for further information about sodium . what you need to know before you are given idesfirix ? the powder for concentrate for solution for infusion is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . the solvent
descovy contains the active substance emtricitabine , which is an antiretroviral medicine known as a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ). tenofovir alafenamide , also known as an antiepileptic drug , works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( a protein in the body involved in the normal production of immature human immunodeficiency virus ) which is essential for the virus to multiply . descoviness blocks this enzyme and thus reduces the amount of hiv in your body . this helps reduce the risk of developing resistance to infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who weigh at least 35 kg .
do not take descovy if you are allergic to emtricitabine or tenofovir alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 of this leaflet ). talk to your doctor if this applies to you . warnings and precautions take care not to infect others with this medicine . this medicine is not a cure for hiv . it can be used by people who are able to take antiretroviral therapy 66 to treat hiv infection . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you have other infections or other illnesses linked to hiv or aids . talk with your doctor about what you can do to avoid infecting other people . your doctor will help you decide if it is safe for you to take this medicine and will explain to you what precautions to take . other medicines and descov
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). adolescents 12 years of age and older who weigh at least 35 kg can take the adult dose of descovy . when you will be on dialysis , take the tablet at about the same time each day . always take the tablets with food . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of side effects with this medicine . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . talk to your doctor about what you can take to help get the best results for your health . if your doctor thinks that you may have missed a dose , or if someone else has taken your tablets , contact
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any signs of inflammation or infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of opportunistic infections ( infections that occur in patients with a weak immune system ), signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after antiretroviral treatment is started . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . autoimmune disorders , when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue , may also occur after you start taking medicines for hiv infections , and in rare cases , even for a short period of time . these symptoms may occur again when you start using descovy .
what descovy contains - the active substances are emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide . one film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of a combination of two active substances , namely : one tablet contains 62 . 5 mg , 5 mg or 6 . 25 mg . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ) - film coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 and talc . - printing ink : shellac , iron oxide black and / or black ink on the shell : sunset yellow fcf ( ye - debossed with " gsi " and " 200 " on the other side ). what ducovy looks like and contents
the name of your medicine is desloratadine teva . ihrerva - derlorat dine estranges from the original formulation to the tablets and is based on a natural substance ( antihistamine ) used to suppress the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adults . - deslorate te is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you drowsy . it can help control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . when used with other medicines the active substance is undaesthetics , deslorating dme is used to treat allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example hay fever or allergy to dust mites ). it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have sneezing ( allergic reaction
do not take desloratadine teva : - if you are allergic to unexplained alcohol consumption , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking deslorate . warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking derlorat dine in combination with other medicines containing lorataxel . there are no medical reasons to suspect that desloratingdine is not an appropriate medicinal product . a poor kidney function , including medical history and seizures , should be considered . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 12 years of age . other medicines and desloratore tingling sensations are possible with this medicine . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other children
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take desloratadine teva . if your allergic rapitis is intermittent ( presence of symptoms for less than 4 days per week or for more than 4 weeks ), your physician will recommend you a treatment schedule that will depend on the evaluation of the history of your disease . for urticaria , the dosage may be variable from patient to patient and therefore you should follow the instructions of your physician .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of desloratadine teva , cases of severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , hives and swelling ) have been reported very rarely . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . however , fatigue , dry mouth and headache were reported more often than with 0 . 5 mg / m2 of body surface area . headache was the most commonly reported side effect . it is not possible to determine the exact frequency of the effect , but tolerability to take it . other side effects in adults were similar to the above . common side effects ( may
what desloratadine teva contains - each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 5 mg deslorate . - the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , pregelatinised maize starch , silica colloidal anhydrous , lactose monohydrate , hypromellose , titanium dioxide , macrogol 400 , indigo carmine ( e132 ), shellac , propylene glycol and water for injections . see section 2 , " desloratingdine the active substance is : 5 mg / 12 . 5 mg tablet : blue , diamond shaped , biconvex tablet with ' d5 ' on one side and plain on the other side , and in blue ink , tablet coating : white , triangle shaped
erelzi belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - inflammation medicines '. it works by reducing the inflammation associated with certain diseases . it is used in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) to treat : moderate or severe rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis severe axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing skeleton , and moderate to severe pheoriasis . in severe and recurrent active rhusia , you may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , they will be given to you by your doctor . initially , your doctor may start you on a different medicine called methotrexate . however , if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , it will be reduced to reduce the signs and symptoms of
do not use erelzi - if you are allergic to etanercept or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . some patients receiving this medicine have developed allergic reactions , which can include chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or rash . if any of these symptoms occur , stop using the medicine and contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious blood infection called sepsis . your doctor will check for signs of this infection before starting treatment with this medicine is started . allergic reactions some patients have experienced allergic reactions such as symptoms such as chest tightiness , when using the medicines in this group , and wheezeing . you may also experience dizzyness and rash during treatment with erythropo
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . erelzi is available as a 25 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection of 50 mg ) for patients aged 18 years and older . use in adults rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing skeleton . the usual dose in adults is 25 mg given twice a week or 50 mg once a month as an injection under the skin . however , your doctor may determine an alternative frequency at which to inject the medicine . for plaque poriasis the usual starting dose is between 25 mg and 50 mg every 12 weeks . alternatively , 25 mg ( two 50 mg injections ) may be started at a lower dose of 12 mg . your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions erelzi can cause : trouble swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , throat , hands , or feet feeling nervous or anxious , throbbing sensations , reddening of the skin and / or a warm feeling . if you get a severe rash , itching or hives ( elevated patches of red and pale skin ) that last for a long time , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . most patients get one or more of these symptoms , but these can be more serious . it is important to pay attention to all of the symptoms listed above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick (
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the pre - filled syringe after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . if the solution is not used within four weeks after removal from the refrigerator , it should be discarded . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . after thawing , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours at room temperature and 25 for four weeks at refrigerated temperature . from a microbiological point of view , the product should not be used if there are any signs of particles . however , in such a case , you should throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use .
what erelzi contains - the active substance is etanercept . each pre - filled syringe contains 25 micrograms ( corresponding to 0 . 5 mg ) of erythropoietin ( ee - 5 ). each ml of solution for injection contains 50 microgram( g - 6 . 25 mg ). -the other ingredients are : citric acid anhydrous , sodium citrate dihydrate ( for ph adjustment ), sodium chloride , sucrose , l - lysine hydrochloride and water for injections . sodium hydroxide and / or high acidity were demonstrated in the following solvent types : aqueous solution , solution : water for injectable dose , 2 mg / vial , 4 mg intravenous injection
doptelet is used to treat liver disease caused by a low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), which leads to an increased risk of bleeding . platelets are blood cells that help the blood to clot if they are missing or not working properly . the medicine also contains a protein called thrombin delta , which is produced by the liver enzyme erythropoietin ( egfr ), and are blood components that make up the blood cells . dopetelet reduces platelets , a type of white blood cell that help to stop blood clotting . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
do not take doptelet : - if you are allergic to strontium ranelate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if this applies to you . warnings and precautions blood clots in your veins or arteries are common . in some cases , such as at the beginning of your treatment , you may have to stop your treatment with this medicine . see section 4 . if the warning signs are severe and you cannot take the tablets , as they may be life threatening . you must tell your doctor immediately if : you have recently had a major surgery or you have been seriously injured 23 you are seriously overweight you have severe liver disease children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and dopetelet please tell your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling tired uncommon ( might affect up to 1 in 100 people ); low red blood cell count ( anaemia ); blood clot in the portal vein ( a blood vessel that connects to your liver and intestines ); abdominal pain or swelling ; bone pain ; muscle aches ; fever . tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you notice any of the side effects above . most of these side effects are mild to moderate and go away within a few days . if they continue to take doptelet , or get worse , your doctor will stop the treatment . you may need to take other medicines to control your symptoms . other side effects include : common (
what doptelet contains - the active substance is avatrombopag . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains the active ingredient ava troopopag maleate . - each tablet contains 20 milligrams aoua . the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' do not take dopetelet '), microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone , silica , colloidal anhydrous , magnesium stearate . tablet film coating : poly ( vinyl alcohol ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( indigo carmine aluminium lake ), titanium dioxide , and iron oxide yellow . what dopingtelet looks like and contents of the pack the 20 mg tablets are yellow , round and rounded 
fabrazyme contains the active substance agalsidase beta , which is used to treat fabry disease in adults . fabrizyme has been shown to reduce the levels of a chemical called globotriaosylceramide in the body . it helps to rebuild the walls of your blood vessels , and so reduces the blood - derived lipid content in the form of granulocytes . this medicine can be used in adults and children of all ages , adolescents and children aged 8 years and above .
do not take fabrazyme : - if you are allergic to agalsidase beta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist if this applies to you . if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 6 years of age because there is no information available on the use of agarsidae beta in children under 6 years . other medicines and ffaecfa : there is a very small chance that you may experience a side effect or any reactions to the treatment . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop your treatment based on your response to treatment , or may change your dose if necessary . you should inform your doctor of any change in dose
fabrazyme will be given to you by a doctor or nurse by infusion ( a drip ) into a vein . it is given as a slow intravenous infusion (" drip ") over a period of one hour . the recommended dose , depending on your disease , is 1 mg / kg given once a day . a second dose may be given after an interval of 2 hours . patients with kidney disease the usual starting dose of Fabrazinessme is 8 mg per kg body weight , given 8 to 16 hours apart . use in children and adolescents the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor and may be increased by 1 mg every other day if your kidney disease is worsened by one dose every other week . how often you will receive treatment in hospital a treatment cycle of up to 3 months will depend on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactoid reactions ) if this happens to you , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people chills fever feeling cold ( nausea ) vomiting headache abnormal feelings of the skin burning and / or tingling reactions other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1in 10 people ) chest pain , redness or itching reactions at the site of injection . uncommon side : might affect upt - release of fabrazyme : itching , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data unusual bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . if you notice any of
what fabrazyme contains the active substance is agalsidase beta 35 iu / ml . the other ingredients are : - mannitol - sodium phosphate monobasic , monohydrate - soya phosphatidylinositole ( e421 ) - polysorbate 80 - solvent : water for injection ( see section 2 ) what Fabrazymes looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is presented as a powder and solvent for solution for injection in a glass vial ( pack size of 1 ) or a multipack of 5 packs of 10 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
the active substance in xeloda is capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ) by a mechanism known as an enzyme , called ' proteasome inhibitor '. proteasomal cells are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine to remove tumour cells . the active ingredient , cytotoxic substances , stop the growth of the tumour and start the treatment again if surgery is not possible or has not proved sufficiently effective . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
do not take xeloda if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if this applies to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , particularly if : you have an allergy to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), you are pregnant or breast - feeding you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) you have severe liver or kidney problems you have problems with your kidney . you drink large amounts of alcohol - containing medicines . - you have been told by your doctor that you have a problem with the water in the body known as " water " ( di
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xeloda to take your doctor will work out the right dose for you based on your height and weight . the recommended dose is 1250 mg / m2 body surface area taken two times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this dose is calculated from your weight and height and will be calculated by your doctor . two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body weight of 2 . 71 m and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times per day , for a total of 80 kg and a half tablets of 5 mg , 500 mg three times per week ( ranging from 150 mg to 500 mg ) for
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking xeloda and contact a doctor immediately if any of these symptoms occur : diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movement each day or any diarhoa at night . vomiting : when you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period nausea : you lose your appetite . stomatitis : pain , redness , swelling , or sores in your mouth and / or mouth . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away over time . your doctor may stop your treatment for a short time after you stop taking this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor if these symptoms continue . other side effects include
what xeloda contains - the active substance is capecitabine . one film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 150 mg . - each tablet of x - da 150 mg contains 250 . 5 mg , 300 , 500 mg or 500 mg of the active ingredient , is comprised of : tablet core : croscarmellose sodium , hypromellose ( e464 ), microcrystalline cellulose , magnesium stearate . film coating : clear , colourless , film coated tablets . the tablet coating consists of the following inactive ingredients : carnauba wax , titanium dioxide , yellow iron oxide , red iron oxide and , indigo carmine aluminium lake , sunset yellow fcf aluminium / phosphorus . what yeloud
olanzapine glenmark europe contains the active substance angiotensin ii , a substance that belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : - schizophrenia - a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . - moderate to severe manic episodes . this condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria , have been reported in some patients taking a medicine containing an enzyme called ' janus kinase ', which is involved in the recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder . the manic episode has also been reported , in patients taking
do not take olanzapine glenmark europe : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , an enlarged , swollen face , particularly if your lips or shortness of breath has been reported in patients taking other medicines for treating eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olalanzap glendmark europa . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if : you have ever had a reaction to any medicine used to treat dememtia ( see section 4 ). you may experience side effects such as unusual movements or a change in
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of olanzapine glenmark europe is one tablet of 5 mg or 20 mg once a day . try to take your tablet at the same time each day with food . it does not matter whether you take it with food or between meals . your doctor may prescribe other strengths for you , but your doctor will have told you to . you should swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not crush , chew or break the tablets before swallowing . how long you should continue taking this medicine for a long time , do not stop taking your tablets without first consulting your doctor . if your doctor thinks that you may have come into contact with your medicine , tell your doctor straight away . patients who have problems with swallowing tablets may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect which may affect more than 1 in 100 people ). especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . rare side effect ( may affect 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but very serious side effects have been reported in patients treated with olanzapine glenmark europe . the frequency of this side effect is not known : swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ).
what olanzapine glenmark europe contains - the active substance is olzapina - each olapine gelatin capsule contains 2 . 5 mg , 5 mg, 7 . 4 mg ; 10 mg ( corresponding to 15 mg or 20 mg ) of the active ingredient , respectively . the exact amount is shown on the capsule label and the carton containing 84 ( 1 , 000 ), mannitol , microcrystalline cellulose , aspartame ( e 951 ), pregelatinised maize starch , crospovidone , magnesium stearate , all in the capsule shell . see the end of this leaflet for further information on the other ingredients . what d , size , shape and number of capsules that make up the capsule , are white to off - white
tecfidera contains the active substance dimethyl fumarate , which belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - scid medicines ". tecfiedera is used to treat multiple sclerosis ( ms ), a long - term condition in which the central nervous system ( cns ) damages the protective layer that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . in rms patients , relapsing- remitting mds continues to develop attacks ( relapses ). the symptoms are prolonged and involve several nervous system symptoms , such as walking difficulties , feeling off balance , visual difficulties and blurred vision .
do not take tecfidera : - if you are allergic to dimethyl fumarate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have a brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . before starting treatment with this medicine your doctor will check your white blood cell counts . you have problems with your kidneys or liver . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of tecfiedera or stop your treatment completely if needed . a blood test will be taken to check that the number of white blood cells in your blood is too low . this medicine has not been tested in patients with severe kidney disease or liver disease . it is not known 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 120 mg tablet once a day for 7 days . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 240 mg once daily . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take tecfidera with or without food . do not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to . take your medicine at about the same time each day . it is important that you take the tablets at the same times every day , so that there is a steady amount in the blood stream going into your blood . if your doctor thinks that you may have taken too much , talk to your doctor . taking this medicine swallow the tablets whole with some water , one after the other . this will help you get the best results for your health . diet
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tecfidera may cause a very low white blood cell count . your doctor will monitor your white blood cells count during treatment to detect any possible signs of infection , or a specific brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if this happens , it may lead to disability or death . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - decrease in the number of red blood cells . this can cause relapse and may cause weakness in the body , clumsiness , changes in vision , thinking , memory , confusion , and personality changes .
what tecfidera contains - the active substance is dimethyl fumarate . - each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 0 . 25 mg dimethyl fanarate in 240 ml of solution , corresponding to 1 . 5 mg dimetarate at the date and time of calibration . the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), croscarmellose sodium , silica colloidal anhydrous , magnesium stearate and talc . film coating : triethyl citrate , methacrylic acid methyl metacrylate copolymer ( 1 : 1 ), methalic acid ink : simeticone , sodium laurilsulfate , polysorbate 80 , water for
cosentyx contains secukinumab , a monoclonal antibody . it belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called il 17a , which is involved in the normal development of inflammatory diseases . il is present in high levels in diseases such as : psoriasis , severe pnoriatic arthritis or severe axial spondyloarthritis , in adults and children . in adults cosentaryx is prescribed for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe inflammatory disorders , such as plaque - forming disorders such as hardening of the bone . these diseases are usually caused by the signs and symptoms listed above , but can also be caused by other diseases , for example : moderate to severely active p
do not use cosentyx : - if you are allergic to secukinumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have an infection which your doctor thinks is important . your doctor may decide to delay your treatment , or stop your treatment completely if this happens . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or nurse . check with your doctor before and during your treatment to make sure you are not getting the full benefit from cosentaryx . you have a condition that is currently causing an infection or you have long - term or repeated infections such as tuberculosis , an inflammatory disease affecting the gut ( crohn ' s disease ), inflammation of the large intestine ( ulcer
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . cosentyx is given by injection just under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). you or your caregiver can give yourself the injections at home . your doctor will show you how to prepare and inject the medicine . how much to use your doctor may decide on the correct dose based on how you respond to treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . it is important to follow your doctor ' s instructions about when to return for your next injections . if your doctor decides that you or someone else may need a lower dose , you or a caregiver may also give your injections yourself . read the " instructions for use " for the pre - filled syringe carefully before you use cosentaryx . plaque psori
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : signs of infection such as fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats feeling tired or short of breath , cough which will not go away warm , red and painful skin or a painful skin rash with blisters or burning sensation when passing urine . these may be signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing blood in your stool or stools feeling dizzy or weak , passing urine more often than usual , a sudden feeling of fullness or an inability to pass urine 
what cosentyx contains - the active substance is secukinumab . each vial contains 150 mg of secukinsumabe . after reconstitution one ml of solution contains 1 , 000 mg ( 20 mg ) of sekukinumаb per 0 . 5 mL solution . - after dilution the solution contains approximately 150 mg ( 25 mg ). - other ingredients are sucrose , histidine , hetidine hydrochloride monohydrate , polysorbate 80 , water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given cosentaryx ? the powder in the vial is a white to off - white powder . it is available in packs containing one vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
mirapexin contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate stimulation of a specific area of the brain . stimulation of the activity of receptors in the brain leads to neuralgia , a process that allows nerve impulses to enter and out of the body . mirapextin is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinsons 's disease ). treat the signs and symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults who have had to take other medicines before .
do not take mirapexin - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking mirapextin . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . you may need to take other medicines to treat your kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) are possible with some medicines you take at the same time . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) may occur in patients with advanced parkinson ' s disease and can be caused by levodopa ( another medicine used to treat dyskineia ). in this case , you should not take the tablets and speak with your doctor as they may not
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will advise you on the right dosing . you can take mirapexin with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 3 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet ( 100 mg ) taken as one continuous dose over a 2 - hour period . this is called a ' maintenance dose '. - this is when you first start taking mirapxin , your doctor may tell you to increase your dose up to a maximum of 2 tablets . then , you will start taking the full dose on day 1 of the cycle . if this is not possible , skip the missed dose and take the next doses as usual
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1in 10 people uncommon : might affect upto 1 in 100 people rare : will affect upt 1 in 1 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects during treatment with mirapexin : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sleepiness , dizziness , nausea ( sickness ), urge to behave in an unusual way - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ), confusion 
what mirapexin contains - the active substance is pramipexole . each tablet contains 2 . 088 mg , 0 . 125 mg or 1 . 1 mg pramirapexoles dihydrochloride monohydrate , respectively . the other ingredients are mannitol , maize starch , anhydrous colloidal silica , povidone k 25 and magnesium stearate . see section 2 , further information , in particular if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 , and below for further information on the contents of the pack . mirapextin 2 : 5 mg tablets : the tablet is white to off - white , round , convex with the number ' 2 ' on both halves of the tablet and ' 3 ' engraved on one side .
panretin belongs to a group of medicines called retinoids . the medicine is used to treat kaposi ' s sarcoma , which causes lesions on the skin , in adult patients with hiv . this medicine works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . it is used on its own to reduce the risk of the skin getting swollen .
do not use panretin : - if you are allergic to alitretinoin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . this medicine is not recommended for use in pregnant women ( see pregnancy and breast - feeding ). this medicine may cause lesions on the skin where the product has been sprayed with a sterile ointment . your doctor will decide if the product is suitable for you . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . do not apply the retin to other parts of your body , except for the eyes , nostrils , mouth , lips , or vagina . the tip of the penis should be gently pushed in through the rectum or anus .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one single application of panretin per year . it should only be applied by a doctor or nurse to the skin . your doctor will monitor you closely for any side effects . how to apply panreting this medicine is for use in adults only . application of the medicine directly into the lesions of your finger or the lesion is a one - time application . do not apply the gel to the entire lesion yourself . please read the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet before using this medicine . if your doctor decides that you should apply the medicine at bedtime , he or she will apply the lasion to your skin as instructed by your doctor . once the gel has been applied to your lesion , the dressing should be gently
like all medicines , panretin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects stop taking the medicine and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : redness around the area where the injection was given . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and usually go away within a few days . they could be signs of irritation or swelling . very common side effects these may make you feel uncomfortable , have redness , irritation , rash , swelling or pain when using the medicine . your doctor may recommend reducing the dose , temporarily stopping the treatment and adjusting your dose if necessary . other side effects this medicine can make your skin less able to work as well as it should . common ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash and scaling / irritation at the site of application common
what panretin contains - the active substance is alitretinoin . one film - coated tablet contains 1 mg / 0 . 5 ml or 1 g / 12 . 0 mg alitertinnoin in 62 . 3 mg . the other ingredients are : tablet core : macrogol , hydroxypropylcellulose , butylhydroxytoluene . see section 2 , " panretiin contains lactose " for more information . what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack the film coated tablets are white to off - white , round , flat , bevelled tablets , debossed with " gsi " on one side and " 1 " on the other side . tablet coating : opadry - shaped , biconvex film
macimorelin aeterna zentaris contains artificial growth hormone , which is a natural hormone . it works in the pituitary gland . growth hormone helps to release growth hormone in the young adult male sex . this medicine is used : on its own in adults to treat growth hormone deficiency if you do not have enough growth hormone during adulthood .
do not use macimorelin aeterna zentaris - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : if your child is less than 8 years of age and unable to follow normal physical exercise . your child should receive at least 24 hours of physical exercise and should continue this physical exercise for as long as their condition allows it to be adequately controlled . if this applies to your child , do not give this medicine to children under 24 months of age because there is limited data in this population . children less than 1 year of age should not receive this medicine and should not use growth hormone or somatotropin ( medicines used to suppress the secretion of growth hormone in the pituitary gland ). other medicines and maci
always take macimorelin aeterna zentaris exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 8 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on your progress and your personal or family history of treatment . when you start treatment , your doctor will gradually increase your dose over a period of time , up to a maximum of 24 hours . if your daily physical activities are not sufficient , the recommended starting dose is 100 mg , taken as a single daily dose of 1 mg . this will be increased to 1 mg once daily ( 1 tablet ) once daily for the first week and then to the full standard dose of 0 . 25 mg ( 2 tablets ). the maximum daily dose should not exceed 1 mg per day , unless you are also taking other medicines 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bitter or metallic taste ( dysgeusia ) tiredness headache feeling sick ( nausea ) dizziness diarrhoea feeling hot . other possible side effects are listed below . uncommon side effects that may affect more than 1 in 100 people : abdominal pain feeling cold hunger ( palpitations ) problems with your heart or sinus ( sinusitis ) feeling cold ( flatulence ) changes in your heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) fainting blood tests may also show : low levels of potassium , magnesium , calcium and phosphate in your blood . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor
what macimorelin aeterna zentaris contains - the active substance is macimelin . each tablet contains 60 milligrams of macin ( as acetate ). after reconstitution , 1 ml of solution contains reconstituted suspension ( corresponding to 500 milligramme ).  the other ingredients are : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' maci maize '), colloidal anhydrous silica ( e551 ), crospovidone ( type a ), saccharin sodium dihydrate , sodium stearyl fumarate , and water for injections . refer to section 2 for more information . what macymoreliner aеterna centretaris looks like and contents of the pack white to off - white granules for oral suspension are presented in
enviage belongs to a new class of medicines called renin inhibitors . RENIN inhibitors reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can produce , thereby increasing the blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the blood vessels , such as the heart and arteries . in patients with this condition , the extra blood vessels in the brain , heart and kidneys are damaged , and the result of a serious injury , like a stroke or heart failure or heart attack , or reduced kidney function .
do not take enviage : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to aliskiren or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is still a possibility that you may experience angioedema ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - during treatment , tell your doctor about all the medicines you are taking , including medicines obtained without a prescription . take special care with entviage check with your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you are breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast feeding and breastfeeding "). you are also taking ciclosporin ( a medicine used in transplantation to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take enviage every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . do not change the dose without talking to your doctor first . this will help get the best results for your health . the usual starting dose is 150 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood pressure . if this medicine does not help to lower your blood pressure as much as expected , your doctor will keep you under closer observation until you are feeling well . method of administration swallow the tablets whole with some water . you can take a combination of 150 mg and 300 mg tablets with or without food . depending on how you respond to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may effect up to one in 100 people ), skin rash . rare ( may impact up to1 in 1 , 000 people ). angioedema ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you suffer from kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of your tablets or stop your treatment with enviage . if any of the side effects gets serious , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting
what enviage contains the active substance is aliskiren ( as hemifumarate ) 150 mg . the other ingredients are crospovidone , hypromellose , magnesium stearate in the tablet core as well as talc , macrogol , microcrystalline cellulose , povidone and colloidal anhydrous silica in the film - coating . in addition , the film coating contains titanium dioxide ( e 171 ), black iron oxide , red iron oxide and , yellow iron oxide in the santhera wax , shellac ( as triangular - shaped ) and engraved with ' tmc ' on one side . what entviage looks like and contents of the pack the 150 mg tablets are light - pink , biconvex , round , film 
the name of your medicine is taxespira . it contains the active substance docetaxel , a substance that belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . taxpira is used to treat breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) and prostate cancer . gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - in adults with advanced breast cancer that has spread to the breast or to the womb , but is not related to the disease itself .
you must not be given taxpira : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of taxespira ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . the number of white blood cells in your blood may be too low . you have a severe liver disease . your doctor will carry out tests before you start treatment with taxespirara to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive taxespirare . during treatment , your doctor may perform blood tests to make sure that there are sufficient blood cells to support your medicine and to allow your body to produce more blood cells . in case of fever and infections ( see section 4 ). tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately about abdominal pain or tenderness . diarrhoea , rectal haemorr
taxpira will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration taxespira is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will help determine the correct dose for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of taxespira alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , hair loss , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . as with any combination of medicines containing chemotherapeutic agents , allergic reactions may occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) and may occur with this medicine . flushing of the skin and / or eyes may occur during the infusion . if this happens , wash your hands thoroughly with mild soap and water . local reactions have also been reported . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solutions : the product should be used immediately . when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 6 hours and 25 days at room temperature ( 15 25 ). after reconstitution , the infusion solution has been prepared using water for injections . the product must not be administered if any visible particles or if the solution is unclear . once infusion has been made , it should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for medical waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what taxespira contains - the active substance is docetaxel ( as trihydrate ). each ml of concentrate contains 20 mg of docetaxil . each trihydrate vial contains 20 milligrams of methaemoglobin ( corresponding to 80 mg / m2 ) at the date and time of calibration . - each vial of 4 vials contains 80 mg dotaxel ; each syringe contains 120 mg methyl methacrylate . after reconstitution , the solution contains 70 % ( 2 . 5 mg ) mythracycline cyclone , a natural rubber latex which may correspond to a 75 % ethanol anhydrous ( see section 2 ) and citric acid monohydrate . what taxpira looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate for solution for infusion
