cystinosis is a metabolic disease called ' nephropathic cystinosis ' which is characterized by an abnormal accumulation of the amino acid cystine in various organs of the body such as the kidney , eye , muscle , pancreas , and brain . cystine build up causes kidney damage and excretion of excess amounts of glucose , proteins and electrolytes . different organs are affected at different ages . cystagon is prescribed to manage this rare inherited disorder . cystagon is a medicine that reacts with cystine to decrease its level within the cells .
elaprase is used as enzyme replacement therapy to treat children and adults with hunter syndrome ( mucopolysaccharidosis ii ) when the level of the enzyme iduronate - 2 - sulfatase in the body is lower than normal , helping improve the symptoms of the disease . if you suffer from hunter syndrome , a carbohydrate called glycosaminoglycan which is normally broken down by your body , is not broken down and slowly accumulates in various organs in your body . this causes cells to function abnormally , thereby causing problems for various organs in your body which can lead to tissue destruction and organ malfunction and failure . typical organs where glycosaminoglycan accumulates are spleen , liver , lungs , heart , and connective tissue . in some patients glycosaminoglycan accumulates also in the brain . elaprase contains an active substance called idursulfase which works by acting as a replacement for the enzyme that is at a low level , thereby breaking down this carbohydrate in affected cells . enzyme replacement therapy is usually administered as a long - term treatment .
celsentri contains a medicine called maraviroc . maraviroc belongs to a group of medicines called ccr5 antagonists . celsentri works by blocking a receptor called ccr5 which hiv uses to enter and infect your blood cells . celsentri is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus type - 1 ( hiv - 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children of 2 years and older , and weighing at least 10 kg . celsentri must be taken in combination with other medicines which are also used to treat the hiv infection . these medicines are all called anti - hiv medicines or antiretrovirals . celsentri , as part of combination therapy , reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . this helps your body to increase the cd4 cell count in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
what crixivan is crixivan contains a substance called indinavir . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. what crixivan is used for crixivan is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) in adults . crixivan is used at the same time as other hiv treatments ( antiretroviral medicines ). this is called combination antiretroviral therapy . an example of another medicine that might be given to you , at the same time as crixivan , is ritonavir . how crixivan works crixivan treats hiv and helps to lower the number of hiv particles in your blood . crixivan helps to : lower the risk that you get illnesses related to hiv lower the amount of hiv in your body ( your ' viral load ') raise your cd4 ( t ) cell count . cd4 cells are an important part of your immune system . the main role of the immune system is to protect you from infections . crixivan may not do these things in all patients . your doctor will monitor how this medicine works for you .
what nerlynx is nerlynx contains the active substance ' neratinib '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tyrosine kinase inhibitors ' used to block cancer cells and treat breast cancer . what nerlynx is used for nerlynx is used for patients who have early stage breast cancer which : - is human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - positive ( her2 - positive ) and - has previously been treated with another medicine called ' trastuzumab '. the ' her2 receptor ' is a protein found on the surface of cells in the body . it helps control how a healthy breast cell grows . in her2 - positive breast cancer , the cancer cells have a large amount of her2 receptors on their surface . this results in the cancer cells dividing and growing faster . before nerlynx is used , your cancer must have been tested to show it is her2 - positive . you must also have previously been treated with trastuzumab . how nerlynx works nerlynx works by blocking the her2 receptors on the cancer cells . this helps to stop the cells from dividing and growing .
roteas contains the active substance edoxaban and belongs to a group of medicines called anticoagulants . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming . it works by blocking the activity of factor xa , which is an important component of blood clotting . roteas is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the brain ( stroke ) and other blood vessels in the body if you have a form of irregular heart rhythm called nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and at least one additional risk factor , such as heart failure , previous stroke or high blood pressure ; - treat blood clots in the veins of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels in the legs and / or lungs .
gliolan is used for the visualisation of certain brain tumours ( called malignant glioma ) during tumour surgery . gliolan contains a substance called aminolevulinic acid ( 5 - ala ). 5 - ala accumulates preferably in tumour cells where it is transformed into another similar substance . if the tumour is then exposed to blue light , this new substance emits a red - violet light which helps to better see what is normal tissue and what is tumour tissue . this helps the surgeon to remove the tumour while sparing healthy tissue .
the active substance of protopy , tacrolimus monohydrate , is an immunomodulating agent . protopy 0 . 03 % ointment is used to treat moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( eczema ) in adults who are not adequately responsive to or are intolerant of conventional therapies such as topical corticosteroids and in children ( 2 years of age and older ) who failed to respond adequately to conventional therapies such as topical corticosteroids . in atopic dermatitis , an over - reaction of the skin ' s immune system causes skin inflammation ( itchiness , redness , dryness ). protopy alters the abnormal immune response and relieves the skin inflammation and the itch .
irbesartan bms belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan bms prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . irbesartan bms slows the decrease of kidney function in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes . irbesartan bms is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the kidney in patients with high blood pressure , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
cymbalta contains the active substance duloxetine . cymbalta increases the levels of serotonin and noradrenaline in the nervous system . cymbalta is used in adults to treat : depression generalised anxiety disorder ( chronic feeling of anxiety or nervousness ) diabetic neuropathic pain ( often described as burning , stabbing , stinging , shooting or aching or like an electric shock . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or sensations such as touch , heat , cold or pressure may cause pain ) cymbalta starts to work in most people with depression or anxiety within two weeks of starting treatment , but it may take 2 - 4 weeks before you feel better . tell your doctor if you do not start to feel better after this time . your doctor may continue to give you cymbalta when you are feeling better to prevent your depression or anxiety from returning in people with diabetic neuropathic pain it can take some weeks before you feel better . talk to your doctor if you do not feel better after 2 months .
what imbruvica is imbruvica is an anticancer medicine that contains the active substance ibrutinib . it belongs to a class of medicines called protein kinase inhibitors . what imbruvica is used for it is used to treat the following blood cancers in adults : mantle cell lymphoma ( mcl ), a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes , when the disease has come back or has not responded to treatment . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) a type of cancer affecting white blood cells called lymphocytes that also involves the lymph nodes . imbruvica is used in patients who have not previously been treated for cll or when the disease has come back or has not responded to treatment . waldenström ' s macroglobulinaemia ( wm ), a type of cancer affecting white blood cells called lymphocytes . it is used in patients who have not previously been treated for wm or when the disease has come back or has not responded to treatment or in patients for whom chemotherapy given together with an antibody is not a suitable therapy . how imbruvica works in mcl , cll and wm , imbruvica works by blocking bruton ' s tyrosine kinase , a protein in the body that helps these cancer cells grow and survive . by blocking this protein , imbruvica helps kill and reduce the number of cancer cells . it also slows down the worsening of the cancer .
what azomyr is azomyr contains desloratadine which is an antihistamine . how azomyr works azomyr is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you drowsy . it helps control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . when azomyr should be used azomyr relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include sneezing , runny or itchy nose , itchy palate , and itchy , red or watery eyes . azomyr is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with urticaria ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and hives . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
what extavia is extavia is a type of medicine known as interferon used to treat multiple sclerosis . interferons are proteins produced by the body that help it fight against attacks on the immune system such as viral infections . how extavia works multiple sclerosis ( ms ) is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( cns ), particularly the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the cns and stops the nerves from working properly . this is called demyelination . the exact cause of ms is unknown . an abnormal response by the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important part in the process which damages the cns . the damage to the cns can occur within an ms attack ( relapse ). it can cause temporary disability , such as difficulty walking . symptoms may disappear completely or partly . interferon beta - 1b has been shown to change the response of the immune system and to help to reduce disease activity . how extavia helps fight your disease single clinical event indicating a high risk of developing multiple sclerosis : extavia has been shown to delay progression to definite multiple sclerosis . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : people with relapsing - remitting ms have occasional attacks or relapses during which symptoms become noticeably worse . extavia has been shown to cut down the number of attacks and make them less severe . it reduces the number of hospital stays due to the disease and prolongs the time without relapses . secondary progressive multiple sclerosis : in some cases people with relapsing - remitting ms find that their symptoms increase and they progress to another form of ms called secondary progressive ms . with this , people find themselves becoming increasingly impaired , whether or not they have relapses . extavia can reduce the number and severity of the attacks , and slow the progression of disability . what extavia is used for extavia is for use in patients who have experienced for the first time symptoms which indicate a high risk of developing multiple sclerosis . your doctor will rule out any other reasons which could explain these symptoms before you are treated . who suffer from relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis , with at least two relapses within the last two years . who suffer from secondary progressive multiple sclerosis with active disease shown by relapses .
trobalt contains the active substance retigabine . trobalt is one of a group of medicines called antiepileptics . it works by preventing the brain overactivity that causes epileptic seizures ( also called fits ). trobalt is used to treat seizures that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( secondary generalisation ). it is used together with other anti - epileptic medicines to treat adults who continue to experience seizures and where other combinations of antiepileptic medicines have not worked well .
temozolomide teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide teva is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temozolomide teva is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temozolomide teva is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
what desloratadine actavis is desloratadine actavis contains desloratadine which is an antihistamine . how desloratadine actavis works desloratadine actavis is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you drowsy . it helps control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . when desloratadine actavis should be used desloratadine actavis relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include sneezing , runny or itchy nose , itchy palate , and itchy , red or watery eyes . desloratadine actavis is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with urticaria ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and hives . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
ambrisentan mylan contains the active substance ambrisentan . it belongs to a group of medicines called other antihypertensives ( used to treat high blood pressure ). it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ) in adults . pah is high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . in people with pah , these arteries get narrower , so the heart has to work harder to pump blood through them . this causes people to feel tired , dizzy and short of breath . ambrisentan mylan widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . ambrisentan mylan may also be used in combination with other medicines used to treat pah .
focetria is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1v ) 2009 virus . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredient in the vaccine can cause flu .
what bridion is bridion contains the active substance sugammadex . bridion is considered to be a selective relaxant binding agent since it only works with specific muscle relaxants , rocuronium bromide or vecuronium bromide . what bridion is used for when you have some types of operations , your muscles must be completely relaxed . this makes it easier for the surgeon to do the operation . for this , the general anaesthetic you are given includes medicines to make your muscles relax . these are called muscle relaxants , and examples include rocuronium bromide and vecuronium bromide . because these medicines also make your breathing muscles relax , you need help to breathe ( artificial ventilation ) during and after your operation until you can breathe on your own again . bridion is used to speed up the recovery of your muscles after an operation to allow you to breathe on your own again earlier . it does this by combining with the rocuronium bromide or vecuronium bromide in your body . it can be used in adults whenever rocuronium bromide or vecuronium bromide is used and in children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 17 years ) when rocuronium bromide is used for a moderate level of relaxation .
thyrogen contains the active substance thyrotropin alfa . thyrogen is a human thyroid stimulating hormone ( tsh ) manufactured using biotechnology processes . thyrogen is used to detect certain types of thyroid cancer in patients who have had their thyroid gland removed and who are taking thyroid hormones . one of the effects is that it stimulates any remaining thyroid tissue to take up iodine which is important for radioiodine imaging . it also stimulates the production of thyroglobulin and thyroid hormones if there is any thyroid tissue left . these hormones can be measured in your blood . thyrogen is also used with radioiodine treatment to eliminate ( ablate ) the thyroid tissue left over after surgical removal of the thyroid gland ( remnant ) in patients who do not have secondary cancer growths ( metastases ) and who are taking thyroid hormone .
what sylvant is sylvant is a medicine that contains the active substance siltuximab . siltuximab is a monoclonal antibody ( a specialised type of protein ) that binds selectively to an antigen ( a target protein ) in the body called interleukin - 6 ( il - 6 ). what sylvant is used for sylvant is used to treat multicentric castleman ' s disease ( mcd ) in adult patients who do not have human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) or human herpesvirus - 8 ( hhv - 8 ) infection . multicentric castleman ' s disease causes benign tumours ( non - cancerous growths ) to develop in the lymph nodes in the body . symptoms of this disease may include feeling tired , sweating at night , having a tingling feeling , and loss of appetite . how sylvant works patients with mcd produce too much il - 6 and this is thought to contribute to the abnormal growth of certain cells in lymph nodes . by binding to il - 6 , siltuximab blocks its activity and stops abnormal cell growth . this helps reduce the size of the affected lymph nodes , which reduces the symptoms of the illness and should help you carry out your normal daily tasks .
what zutectra is zutectra contains antibodies against the hepatitis b virus which are the body ' s own defensive substances to protect you from hepatitis b . hepatitis b is an inflammation of the liver caused by the hepatitis b virus . what zutectra is used for zutectra is used to prevent re - infection of hepatitis b in adults who have had a liver transplant at least 1 week ago because they had liver failure caused by hepatitis b .
harvoni is a medicine that contains the active substances ledipasvir and sofosbuvir . harvoni is given to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults and children 3 years of age and older . hepatitis c is a virus that infects the liver . the active substances in the medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , allowing the infection to be permanently eliminated from the body . harvoni is sometimes taken with another medicine , ribavirin . it is very important that you also read the leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with harvoni . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ibandronic acid teva contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid teva is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called bone " metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or radiotherapy . ibandronic acid teva works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
what visudyne is visudyne contains the active substance verteporfin , which is activated by light from a laser in a treatment called photodynamic therapy . when you are given an infusion of visudyne , it is distributed within your body through the blood vessels , including the blood vessels at the back of the eye . when the laser light is shone into the eye , visudyne is activated . what visudyne is used for visudyne is used to treat the wet form of age - related macular degeneration and pathological myopia . these diseases lead to vision loss . vision loss is caused by new blood vessels ( choroidal neovascularisation ) that damage the retina ( the light - sensitive membrane that lines the back of the eye ). there are two types of choroidal neovascularisation : classic and occult . visudyne is used for the treatment of predominantly classic choroidal neovascularisation in adults with age - related macular degeneration , and also for the treatment of all types of choroidal neovascularisation in adults with pathological myopia .
ivabradine anpharm ( ivabradine ) is a heart medicine used to treat : - symptomatic stable angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 70 beats per minute . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take heart medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with beta - blockers in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with a beta - blocker . - chronic heart failure in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 75 beats per minute . it is used in combination with standard therapy , including beta - blocker therapy or when beta - blockers are contraindicated or not tolerated . about stable angina pectoris ( usually referred to as " angina "): stable angina is a heart disease which happens when the heart does not receive enough oxygen . the most common symptom of angina is chest pain or discomfort . about chronic heart failure : chronic heart failure is a heart disease which happens when your heart cannot pump enough blood to the rest of your body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are breathlessness , fatigue , tiredness and ankle swelling . how does ivabradine anpharm work ? the specific heart rate lowering action of ivabradine helps : - to control and reduce the number of angina attacks by lowering heart ' s need for oxygen , - to improve the heart functioning and vital prognosis in patients with chronic heart failure .
vivanza contains vardenafil , a member of a class of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . they are used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men , a condition which implies difficulties in getting or keeping an erection . at least one in ten men has trouble getting or keeping an erection at some time . there may be physical or psychological causes , or a mixture of both . whatever the cause is , due to muscle and blood vessel changes not enough blood stays in the penis to make it hard and keep it hard . vivanza will only work when you are sexually stimulated . it reduces the action of the natural chemical in your body which makes erections go away . vivanza allows an erection to last long enough for you to satisfactorily complete sexual activity .
the active substance of rivastigmine sandoz is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine sandoz allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
the name of this medicine is taxotere . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . taxotere has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxotere could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , taxotere could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of lung cancer , taxotere could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , taxotere is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , taxotere is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , taxotere is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
hexyon ( dtap - ipv - hb - hib ) is a vaccine used to protect against infectious diseases . hexyon helps to protect against diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis , hepatitis b , poliomyelitis and serious diseases caused by haemophilus influenzae type b . hexyon is given to children from six weeks of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria and viruses that cause these different infections : diphtheria is an infectious disease that usually first affects the throat . in the throat , the infection causes pain and swelling which can lead to suffocation . the bacteria that cause the disease also make a toxin ( poison ) that can damage the heart , kidneys and nerves . tetanus ( often called lock jaw ) is usually caused by the tetanus bacteria entering a deep wound . the bacteria make a toxin ( poison ) that causes spasms of the muscles , leading to inability to breathe and the possibility of suffocation . pertussis ( often called whooping cough ) is a highly infectious illness that affects the airways . it causes severe coughing that may lead to problems with breathing . the coughing often has a " whooping " sound . the cough may last for one to two months or longer . whooping cough can also cause ear infections , chest infections ( bronchitis ) which may last a long time , lung infections ( pneumonia ), fits , brain damage and even death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the liver to become swollen ( inflamed ). in some people , the virus can stay in the body for a long time , and can eventually lead to serious liver problems , including liver cancer . poliomyelitis ( often just called polio ) is caused by viruses that affect the nerves . it can lead to paralysis or muscle weakness most commonly of the legs . paralysis of the muscles that control breathing and swallowing can be fatal . haemophilus influenzae type b infections ( often just called hib ) are serious bacterial infections and can cause meningitis ( inflammation of the outer covering of the brain ), which can lead to brain damage , deafness , epilepsy , or partial blindness . infection can also cause inflammation and swelling of the throat , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing , and infection can affect other parts of the body such as the blood , lungs , skin , bones , and joints . important information about the protection provided hexyon will only help to prevent these diseases if they are caused by the bacteria or viruses targeted by the vaccine . your child could get diseases with similar symptoms if they are caused by other bacteria or viruses . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or viruses and it cannot cause any of the infectious diseases against which it protects . this vaccine does not protect against infections caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae nor against meningitis due to other micro - organisms . hexyon will not protect against hepatitis infection caused by other agents such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c and hepatitis e . because symptoms of hepatitis b take a long time to develop , it is possible for unrecognised hepatitis b infection to be present at the time of vaccination . the vaccine may not prevent hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with any vaccine , hexyon may not protect 100 % of children who receive the vaccine .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam teva is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what hirobriz breezhaler is hirobriz breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . when you inhale it , it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the small air passages in the lungs . this helps open up the airways , making it easier to get air in and out . what hirobriz breezhaler is used for hirobriz breezhaler is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine relaxes these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
the active substance of rivastigmine actavis is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine actavis allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine actavis is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
what rolufta ellipta is rolufta ellipta contains the active substance umeclidinium bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what rolufta ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways and air - sacs in the lungs gradually become blocked or damaged , leading to breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . difficulties in breathing is added to by tightening of the muscles around the airways , which narrows the airways and so restricts the flow of air . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . rolufta ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
what rilutek is the active substance in rilutek is riluzole which acts on the nervous system . what rilutek is used for rilutek is used in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( als ). als is a form of motor neurone disease where attacks of the nerve cells responsible for sending instructions to the muscles lead to weakness , muscle waste and paralysis . the destruction of nerve cells in motor neurone disease may be caused by too much glutamate ( a chemical messenger ) in the brain and spinal cord . rilutek stops the release of glutamate and this may help in preventing the nerve cells being damaged . please consult your doctor for more information about als and the reason why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
apealea is a cancer medicine containing the active substance paclitaxel , which belongs to a group of medicines called taxanes . paclitaxel affects or stops growth of rapidly dividing cells , such as tumour cells . apealea is used to treat the following cancers in adults , in combination with another medicine called carboplatin : epithelial ovarian cancer a cancer of the ovary , the organ that produces a woman ' s egg cells primary peritoneal cancer a cancer of the cells lining the space between the wall of the belly and the internal organs cancer of the fallopian tubes ( the connection between the ovaries and the womb ) it is used when other therapies have not worked .
xenleta is an antibiotic medicine containing the active substance lefamulin . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' pleuromutilins '. lefamulin works by killing certain bacteria which cause infections . xenleta is used to treat adults who have bacterial infections in the lung , also known as pneumonia , when other treatments for pneumonia are not considered to be suitable .
stivarga contains the active substance regorafenib . it is a medicine used to treat cancer by slowing down the growth and spread of cancer cells and cutting off the blood supply that keeps cancer cells growing . stivarga is used to treat : - colon or rectal cancer that has spread to other parts of the body in adult patients who have received other treatments or cannot be treated with other medicines ( fluoropyrimidine - based chemotherapy , an anti - vegf therapy and an anti - egfr therapy ) - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( gist ), a type of cancer of the stomach and bowel , that has spread to other parts of the body or is not amenable to surgery , in adult patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines ( imatinib and sunitinib ) - liver cancer in adult patients who have been previously treated with another anticancer medicine ( sorafenib ). if you have any questions about how stivarga works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , please ask your doctor .
miglustat gen . orph contains the active substance miglustat which belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat two conditions : miglustat gen . orph is used to treat mild to moderate type 1 gaucher disease in adults . in type 1 gaucher disease , a substance called glucosylceramide is not removed from your body . it starts to build up in certain cells of the body ' s immune system . this can result in liver and spleen enlargement , changes in the blood and bone disease . the usual treatment for type 1 gaucher disease is enzyme replacement therapy . miglustat gen . orph is only used when a patient is considered unsuitable for treatment with enzyme replacement therapy . miglustat gen . orph is also used to treat progressive neurological symptoms in niemann - pick type c disease in adults and in children . if you have niemann - pick type c disease , fats such as glycosphingolipids build up in the cells of your brain . this can result in disturbances in neurological functions such as slow eye movements , balance , swallowing , and memory , and in seizures . miglustat gen . orph works by inhibiting the enzyme called ' glucosylceramide synthase ' which is responsible for the first step in the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids .
pantoloc control contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the ' pump ' that produces stomach acid . hence it reduces the amount of acid in your stomach . pantoloc control is used for the short - term treatment of reflux symptoms ( for example heartburn , acid regurgitation ) in adults . reflux is the backflow of acid from the stomach into the gullet (" foodpipe "), which may become inflamed and painful . this may cause you symptoms such as a painful burning sensation in the chest rising up to the throat ( heartburn ) and a sour taste in the mouth ( acid regurgitation ). you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with pantoloc control , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may be necessary to take the tablets for 2 - 3 consecutive days to relieve the symptoms . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 2 weeks .
ongentys is a medicine that contains the active substance opicapone . it is used to treat parkinson ' s disease and associated movement problems . parkinson ' s disease is a progressive disease of the nervous system that causes shaking and affects your movement . ongentys is for use in adults who are already taking medicines containing levodopa and dopa decarboxylase inhibitors . it increases the effects of levodopa and helps to relieve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and movement problems .
this medicine contains the active substance bortezomib , a so - called ' proteasome inhibitor '. proteasomes play an important role in controlling cell function and growth . by interfering with their function , bortezomib can kill cancer cells . bortezomib is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients older than 18 years : - alone or together with the medicines pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or dexamethasone , for patients whose disease is worsening ( progressive ) after receiving at least one prior treatment and for whom blood stem cell transplantation was not successful or is unsuitable . - in combination with the medicines melphalan and prednisone , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and are unsuitable for high - dose chemotherapy with blood stem cell transplantation . - in combination with the medicines dexamethasone or dexamethasone together with thalidomide , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and before receiving high - dose chemotherapy with blood stem cell transplantation ( induction treatment ). bortezomib is used for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma ( a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes ) in patients 18 years or older in combination with the medicines rituximab , cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is unsuitable .
what akynzeo is akynzeo contains two medicines (' active substances ') called : netupitant palonosetron . what akynzeo is used for akynzeo is used to help prevent adults with cancer feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) while having cancer treatment called ' chemotherapy '. how akynzeo works chemotherapy medicines can cause the body to release substances called serotonin and substance p . this stimulates the vomiting centre in the brain , making you feel or be sick . the medicines in akynzeo attach to the receptors in the nervous system through which serotonin and substance p work : netupitant ( an nk1 receptor antagonist ) blocks the receptors for substance p , and palonosetron ( a 5 - ht3 receptor antagonist ) blocks certain receptors for serotonin . by blocking the actions of substance p and serotonin in this way , the medicines help prevent the stimulation of the vomiting centre and the resulting sickness .
what lenvima is lenvima is a medicine that contains the active substance lenvatinib . it is used on its own to treat progressive or advanced thyroid cancer in adults when radioactive iodine treatment has not helped to stop the disease . lenvima can also be used on its own to treat liver cancer ( hepatocellular carcinoma ) in adults who have not previously been treated with another anticancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . people get lenvima when their liver cancer has spread or cannot be taken out by surgery . how lenvima works lenvima blocks the action of proteins called receptor tyrosine kinases ( rtks ), which are involved in the development of new blood vessels that supply oxygen and nutrients to cells and help them to grow . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action lenvima may slow the rate at which the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
what incresync is incresync contains two different medicines called alogliptin and pioglitazone in one tablet : - alogliptin belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ). alogliptin works to increase the levels of insulin in the body after a meal and decrease the amount of sugar in the body . - pioglitazone belongs to a group of medicines called thiazolidinediones . it helps your body make better use of the insulin it produces . both of these groups of medicines are " oral anti - diabetics ". what incresync is used for incresync is used to lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus or niddm . incresync is taken when your blood sugar cannot be adequately controlled by diet , exercise and other oral anti - diabetic medicines such as pioglitazone ; or pioglitazone and metformin taken together . your doctor will check whether incresync is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . if you are already taking both alogliptin and pioglitazone as single tablets , incresync can replace them in one tablet . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you .
dukoral is an oral vaccine against cholera that stimulates the immunological defence in the gut . the vaccine protects adults and children from 2 years of age against cholera . dukoral causes your body to produce its own protection against cholera . after getting the vaccine , your body will make substances called antibodies , which fight the cholera bacteria and toxin that cause diarrhoea .
avamys ( fluticasone furoate ) belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . avamys works to decrease inflammation caused by allergy ( rhinitis ) and therefore reduce symptoms of allergy . avamys nasal spray is used to treat symptoms of allergic rhinitis including stuffy , runny or itchy nose , sneezing and watery , itchy or red eyes , in adults and children aged 6 years and over . allergy symptoms can occur at specific times of the year and be caused by allergy to pollen from grass or trees ( hayfever ), or they can occur all year round and be caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to name some of the most common .
ribavirin biopartners contains the active ingredient ribavirin . ribavirin biopartners stops the multiplication of many types of viruses , including hepatitis c virus . ribavirin biopartners must not be used without interferon alfa - 2b , i . e . ribavirin biopartners must not be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with interferon alfa - 2b is used to treat patients 3 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection , except genotype 1 . for children and adolescents weighing less than 47 kg a solution formulation is available . previously treated adult patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with interferon alfa - 2b is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ).
what rydapt is rydapt contains the active substance midostaurin . it belongs to a class of medicines called protein kinase inhibitors . what rydapt is used for rydapt is used to treat acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in adults who have a defect in a gene called flt3 . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer of certain white blood cells ( called myeloid cells ) in which the body over - produces an abnormal type of these cells . rydapt is also used in adults to treat aggressive systemic mastocytosis ( asm ), systemic mastocytosis with associated haematological neoplasm ( sm - ahn ), or mast cell leukaemia ( mcl ). these are disorders in which the body produces too many mast cells , a type of white blood cell . symptoms are caused when too many mast cells enter organs such as the liver , bone marrow or spleen , and release substances such as histamine into the blood . how rydapt works midostaurin blocks the action of some enzymes ( kinases ) in the abnormal cells and stops their division and growth . at the start of treatment in aml rydapt is always used together with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what zejula is and how it works zejula contains the active substance niraparib . niraparib is a type of anti - cancer medicine called a parp inhibitor . parp inhibitors block an enzyme called poly [ adenosine diphosphate - ribose ] polymerase ( parp ). parp helps cells repair damaged dna so blocking it means that the dna of cancer cells cannot be repaired . this results in tumour cell death , helping to control the cancer . what zejula is used for zejula is used in adult women for the treatment of cancer of the ovary , the fallopian tubes ( part of the female reproductive system that connects the ovaries to the uterus ), or the peritoneum ( the membrane lining the abdomen ). it is used after the cancer has responded to previous treatment with standard platinum - based chemotherapy .
how does axura work axura contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . axura belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . axura belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . axura acts on these nmda - receptors improving the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . what is axura used for axura is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
kigabeq contains vigabatrin and it is used for treating infants and children aged from 1 month to less than 7 years . it is used to treat infantile spasms ( west ' s syndrome ) or , together with other epilepsy medicines to treat partial epilepsy that is not controlled well enough with current treatment .
what bemfola is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( fsh ). fsh is a gonadotropin , a type of hormone that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of the sacs ( follicles ) in the ovaries that contain the egg cells . in men , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . what bemfola is used for in adult women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovary ( ovulation ) in women that cannot ovulate and that did not respond to treatment with a medicine called " clomiphene citrate ". together with another medicine called " lutropin alfa " (" luteinising hormone " or lh ) to help release an egg from the ovary ( ovulation ) in women that are not ovulating because their body is producing very little gonadotropins ( fsh and lh ). to help develop several follicles ( each containing an egg ) in women undergoing assisted reproductive technology procedures ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
plenadren contains a substance called hydrocortisone ( sometimes called cortisol ). hydrocortisone is a glucocorticoid . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . glucocorticoids occur naturally in the body , and help to maintain your general health and well - being . plenadren is used in adults to treat a condition known as adrenal insufficiency , or cortisol deficiency . adrenal insufficiency occurs when your adrenal glands ( just above your kidneys ) do not produce enough of the hormone cortisol . patients suffering from long - term ( chronic ) adrenal insufficiency need a replacement therapy to survive . plenadren replaces the natural cortisol that is missing in adrenal insufficiency . the medicine delivers hydrocortisone to your body throughout the day . the cortisol levels in your blood increase rapidly to a maximum level , about 1 hour after taking the tablet in the morning , and then gradually decrease over the day with no or almost no cortisol level in the blood in the late evening and night when the levels should be low .
ruconest contains conestat alfa as the active substance . conestat alfa is a recombinant ( not blood - derived ) form of human c1 inhibitor ( rhc1 - inh ). ruconest is to be used by adults , adolescents , and children ( aged 2 years and above ) with a rare inherited blood disorder , called hereditary angioedema ( hae ). these patients have a shortage of the c1 inhibitor protein in their blood . this can lead to repeated attacks of swelling , pain in the abdomen , difficulty breathing and other symptoms . the administration of ruconest is to resolve the shortage of c1 inhibitor and will lead to reduction of symptoms of an acute attack of hae .
what jardiance is jardiance contains the active substance empagliflozin . jardiance is a member of a group of medicines called sodium glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . what jardiance is used for jardiance is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) that cannot be controlled by diet and exercise alone . jardiance can be used without other medicines in patients who cannot take metformin ( another diabetes medicine ). jardiance can also be used with other medicines for the treatment of diabetes . these may be medicines taken by mouth or given by injection such as insulin . it is important that you continue with your diet and exercise plan as told by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how jardiance works jardiance works by blocking the sglt2 protein in your kidneys . this causes blood sugar ( glucose ) to be removed in your urine . thereby jardiance lowers the amount of sugar in your blood . this medicine can also help prevent heart disease . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a disease that comes from both your genes and your lifestyle . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the level of glucose in your blood , and your body is unable to use its own insulin effectively . this results in high levels of glucose in your blood which can lead to medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and poor circulation in your limbs .
the active substance of galvus , vildagliptin , belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". galvus is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used when diabetes cannot be controlled by diet and exercise alone . it helps to control the level of sugar in the blood . your doctor will prescribe galvus either alone or together with certain other antidiabetic medicines which you will already be taking , if these have not proved sufficiently effective to control diabetes . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much glucagon . insulin is a substance which helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood , especially after meals . glucagon is a substance which triggers the production of sugar by the liver , causing the blood sugar level to rise . the pancreas makes both of these substances . how galvus works galvus works by making the pancreas produce more insulin and less glucagon . this helps to control the blood sugar level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
amsparity contains the active substance adalimumab , a medicine that acts on your child ' s body ' s immune ( defence ) system . amsparity is intended for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric plaque psoriasis paediatric crohn ' s disease paediatric uveitis the active ingredient in amsparity , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is involved in the immune ( defence ) system and is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed 157 above . by attaching to tnfα , amsparity blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints that usually first appears in childhood . amsparity is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints and the places where tendons join the bone . amsparity is used to treat enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory skin condition that causes red , flaky , crusty patches of skin covered with silvery scales . plaque psoriasis can also affect the nails , causing them to crumble , become thickened and lift away from the nail bed which can be painful . psoriasis is believed to be caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . amsparity is used to treat severe chronic plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years for whom medicines applied to the skin and treatment with uv light have either not worked very well or are not suitable . paediatric crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the gut . amsparity is used to treat crohn ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . if your child has crohn ' s disease , your child will first be given other medicines . if your child does not respond well enough to these medicines , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her crohn ' s disease . paediatric uveitis non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease affecting certain parts of the eye . this inflammation may lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). amsparity works by reducing this inflammation . amsparity is used to treat children and adolescents with chronic non - infectious uveitis from 2 years of age with inflammation affecting the front of the eye . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
javlor contains the active substance vinflunine , which belongs to a group of anticancer medicines called vinca alkaloids . these medicines affect cancer cell growth by stopping cell division , leading to cell death ( cytotoxicity ). javlor is used to treat advanced or metastatic cancer of the bladder and urinary tract when a previous therapy with platinum - containing medicines has failed .
fluenz tetra is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ). it is used in children and adolescents 24 months to less than 18 years of age . fluenz tetra will help to protect against the four virus strains contained in the vaccine , and other strains closely related to them . how fluenz tetra works when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the influenza virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . fluenz tetra vaccine viruses are grown in chicken eggs . each year the vaccine targets four strains of influenza , following the annual recommendations by the world health organisation .
menveo is a vaccine that is used for active immunization of children ( from 2 years of age ), adolescents and adults at risk of exposure to a bacterium named neisseria meningitidis serogroups a , c , w - 135 and y , to prevent invasive disease . the vaccine works by causing your body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against these bacteria . neisseria meningitidis serogroup a , c , w - 135 and y bacteria can cause serious and sometimes life - threatening infections such as meningitis and sepsis ( blood poisoning ). menveo cannot cause bacterial meningitis . this vaccine contains a protein ( called crm197 ) from the bacteria that cause diphtheria . menveo does not protect against diphtheria . this means that you ( or your child ) should receive other vaccines to protect against diphtheria when these are due or when advised by your doctor .
benlysta as a subcutaneous injection is a medicine used to treat lupus ( systemic lupus erythematosus , sle ) in adults ( 18 years of age and older ) whose disease is still highly active despite standard treatment . lupus is a disease in which the immune system ( the system that fights infection ) attacks your own cells and tissues , causing inflammation and organ damage . it can affect almost any organ in the body , and is thought to involve a type of white blood cells called b cells . benlysta contains belimumab ( a monoclonal antibody ). it reduces the number of b cells in your blood by blocking the action of blys , a protein that helps b cells to live longer and is found in high levels in people with lupus . you will be given benlysta as well as your usual treatment for lupus .
karvezide is a combination of two active substances , irbesartan and hydrochlorothiazide . irbesartan belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body that binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . hydrochlorothiazide is one of a group of medicines ( called thiazide diuretics ) that causes increased urine output and so causes a lowering of blood pressure . the two active ingredients in karvezide work together to lower blood pressure further than if either was given alone . karvezide is used to treat high blood pressure , when treatment with irbesartan or hydrochlorothiazide alone did not provide adequate control of your blood pressure .
the active ingredient in zeffix is lamivudine . zeffix is used to treat long term ( chronic ) hepatitis b infection in adults . zeffix is an antiviral medicine that suppresses the hepatitis b virus and belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). hepatitis b is a virus which infects the liver , causes long term ( chronic ) infection , and can lead to liver damage . zeffix can be used in people whose liver is damaged , but still functions normally ( compensated liver disease ) and in combination with other medicines in people whose liver is damaged and does not function normally ( decompensated liver disease ). treatment with zeffix can reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this should lead to a reduction in liver damage and an improvement in your liver function . not everyone responds to treatment with zeffix in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with regular blood tests .
evista contains the active substance raloxifene hydrochloride . evista is used to treat and prevent osteoporosis in postmenopausal women . evista reduces the risk of vertebral fractures in women with postmenopausal osteoporosis . a reduction in the risk of hip fractures has not been shown . how evista works evista belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective oestrogen receptor modulators ( serms ). when a woman reaches the menopause , the level of the female sex hormone oestrogen goes down . evista mimics some of the helpful effects of oestrogen after the menopause . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile - this disease is especially common in women after the menopause . although it may have no symptoms at first , osteoporosis makes you more likely to break bones , especially in your spine , hips and wrists and may cause back pain , loss of height and a curved back .
ameluz contains the active substance 5 - aminolaevulinic acid . it is used to treat : slightly palpable to moderately thick actinic keratoses or entire fields affected by actinic keratoses in adults . actinic keratoses are certain changes in the outer layer of the skin that can lead to skin cancer . superficial and / or nodular basal cell carcinoma unsuitable for surgical treatment due to possible treatment - related morbidity and / or poor cosmetic outcome in adults . basal cell carcinoma is a skin cancer that can cause reddish , scaly patches or one or several small bumps that bleed easily and do not heal . after application , the active substance of ameluz becomes a photoactive substance which accumulates in affected cells . illumination with appropriate light produces reactive oxygen - containing molecules which act against the target cells . this therapy is known as photodynamic therapy ( pdt ).
introna ( interferon alfa - 2b ) modifies the response of the body ' s immune system to help fight infections and severe diseases . introna is used in adult patients to treat certain disorders that affect the blood , bone marrow , lymph glands , or skin and may extend into the body . included are hairy cell leukaemia , chronic myelogenous leukaemia , multiple myeloma , follicular lymphoma , carcinoid tumour , and malignant melanoma . introna is also used in adult patients for the treatment of chronic hepatitis b or c , which are viral infections of the liver . introna is used in combination with ribavirin in children 3 years of age and older and adolescents who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c .
what is vantavo ? vantavo is a tablet containing the two active substances , alendronic acid ( commonly called alendronate ) and colecalciferol known as vitamin d3 . what is alendronate ? alendronate belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called bisphosphonates . alendronate prevents the loss of bone that occurs in women after they have been through the menopause , and helps to rebuild bone . it reduces the risk of spine and hip fractures . what is vitamin d ? vitamin d is an essential nutrient , required for calcium absorption and healthy bones . the body can only absorb calcium properly from our food if it has enough vitamin d . very few foods contain vitamin d . the main source is through exposure to summer sunlight , which makes vitamin d in our skin . as we get older our skin makes less vitamin d . too little vitamin d may lead to bone loss and osteoporosis . severe vitamin d deficiency may cause muscle weakness which can lead to falls and a greater risk of fractures . what is vantavo used for ? your doctor has prescribed vantavo to treat your osteoporosis and because you are at risk of vitamin d insufficiency . it reduces the risk of spine and hip fractures in women after menopause . what is osteoporosis ? osteoporosis is a thinning and weakening of the bones . it is common in women after the menopause . at the menopause , the ovaries stop producing the female hormone , oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , bone loss occurs and bones become weaker . the earlier a woman reaches the menopause , the greater the risk of osteoporosis . early on , osteoporosis usually has no symptoms . if left untreated , however , it can result in broken bones . although these usually hurt , breaks in the bones of the spine may go unnoticed until they cause 30 height loss . broken bones can happen during normal , everyday activity , such as lifting , or from minor injury that would not generally break normal bone . broken bones usually occur at the hip , spine , or wrist and can lead not only to pain but also to considerable problems like stooped posture (' dowager ' s hump ') and loss of mobility . how can osteoporosis be treated ? as well as your treatment with vantavo , your doctor may suggest you make changes to your lifestyle to help your condition , such as : stopping smoking smoking appears to increase the rate at which you lose bone and , therefore , may increase your risk of broken bones . exercise like muscles , bones need exercise to stay strong and healthy . consult your doctor before you begin any exercise programme . eating a balanced diet your doctor can advise you about your diet or whether you should take any dietary supplements .
binocrit contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . binocrit is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by kidney disease : in children on haemodialysis in adults on haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis 77 in severely anaemic adults not yet undergoing dialysis if you have kidney disease , you may be short of red blood cells if your kidney does not produce enough erythropoietin ( necessary for red cell production ). binocrit is prescribed to stimulate your bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . binocrit is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . binocrit can reduce the need for a blood transfusion in these patients . binocrit is used in moderately anaemic adults who donate some of their blood before surgery , so that it can be given back to them during or after the operation . because binocrit stimulates the production of red blood cells , doctors can take more blood from these people . binocrit is used in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions . binocrit is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). binocrit can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
gardasil 9 is a vaccine for children and adolescents from 9 years of age and adults . it is given to protect against diseases caused by human papillomavirus ( hpv ) types 6 , 11 , 16 , 18 , 31 , 33 , 45 , 52 and 58 . these diseases include pre - cancerous lesions and cancers of the female genitals ( cervix , vulva , and vagina ), pre - cancerous lesions and cancers of the anus and genital warts in males and females . gardasil 9 has been studied in males 9 to 26 years of age and females 9 to 45 years of age . gardasil 9 protects against the hpv types that cause most cases of these diseases . gardasil 9 is intended to prevent these diseases . the vaccine is not used to treat hpv related diseases . gardasil 9 does not have any effect in individuals who already have a persistent infection or disease associated with any of the hpv types in the vaccine . however , in individuals who are already infected with one or more of the vaccine hpv types , gardasil 9 can still protect against diseases associated with the other hpv types in the vaccine . gardasil 9 cannot cause hpv - related diseases . when an individual is vaccinated with gardasil 9 , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) stimulates production of antibodies against the nine vaccine hpv types , to help protect against the diseases caused by these viruses . if you or your child receive a first dose of gardasil 9 , you have to complete the full vaccination course with gardasil 9 . if you or your child already received an hpv vaccine , ask your doctor if gardasil 9 is right for you . gardasil 9 should be used in accordance with official guidelines .
azarga contains two active substances , brinzolamide and timolol , which work together to reduce pressure within the eye . azarga is used to treat high pressure in the eyes , also called glaucoma or ocular hypertension , in adult patients that are more than 18 years of age and in whom high pressure in the eyes cannot be controlled effectively by one medicine alone .
pritor belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . pritor blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
portrazza contains the active substance necitumumab , which belongs to a group of substances called monoclonal antibodies . necitumumab recognises and binds specifically to a protein on the surface of some cancer cells . the protein is known as epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). other body proteins ( called growth factors ) can attach to the egfr and stimulate the cancer cell to grow and divide . necitumumab hinders other proteins from binding to the egfr and thus prevents the cancer cell from growth and division . portrazza is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines for the treatment of adults with certain type of lung cancer at an advanced stage ( squamous non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have the egfr protein on their surface . the anti - cancer medicines it is combined with are gemcitabine and cisplatin .
rienso is an iron preparation , containing the active substance ferumoxytol , which is given by infusion into a vein . it is used to treat iron deficiency anaemia resulting from a lack of stored iron , in adult patients with reduced kidney function . iron is an essential element required to make haemoglobin , a molecule in red blood cells that enables oxygen to be carried around the body . when there is insufficient iron in the body , haemoglobin cannot be formed , resulting in anaemia ( low levels of haemoglobin ). the aim of rienso therapy is to replenish the body ' s iron stores .
nodetrip contains the active substance duloxetine . nodetrip increases the levels of serotonin and noradrenaline in the nervous system . nodetrip is used in adults to treat : depression generalised anxiety disorder ( chronic feeling of anxiety or nervousness ) diabetic neuropathic pain ( often described as burning , stabbing , stinging , shooting or aching or like an electric shock . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or sensations such as touch , heat , cold or pressure may cause pain ) nodetrip starts to work in most people with depression or anxiety within two weeks of starting treatment , but it may take 2 - 4 weeks before you feel better . tell your doctor if you do not start to feel better after this time . your doctor may continue to give you nodetrip when you are feeling better to prevent your depression or anxiety from returning . in people with diabetic neuropathic pain it can take some weeks before you feel better . talk to your doctor if you do not feel better after 2 months .
tigecycline accord is an antibiotic of the glycylcycline group that works by stopping the growth of bacteria that cause infections . your doctor has prescribed tigecycline accord because you or your child at least 8 years old has one of the following types of serious infections : complicated infection of the skin and soft tissues ( the tissue below the skin ), excluding diabetic foot infections . complicated infection in the abdomen tigecycline accord is only used when your doctor thinks other antibiotics are not suitable .
verzenios is a cancer medicine containing the active substance abemaciclib . abemaciclib blocks the effects of proteins called cyclin - dependent kinase 4 and 6 . these proteins are abnormally active in some cancer cells and make them grow out of control . blocking the action of these proteins can slow down growth of cancer cells , shrink the tumour and delay progression of the cancer . verzenios is used to treat women with certain types of breast cancer ( hormone receptor - positive ( hr +), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative ( her2 -)) which have spread beyond the original tumour and / or to other organs . it is given together with hormonal therapies , such as aromatase inhibitors or fulvestrant .
pemetrexed lilly is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed lilly is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed lilly is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed lilly can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed lilly is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
what eporatio is eporatio contains the active substance epoetin theta , which is almost identical to erythropoietin , a natural hormone produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the same way as erythropoietin . erythropoietin is produced in your kidneys and stimulates your bone marrow to produce red blood cells . red blood cells are very important for distributing oxygen within your body . what eporatio is used for eporatio is used for the treatment of anaemia accompanied by symptoms ( for example fatigue , weakness and shortness of breath ). anaemia occurs when your blood does not contain enough red blood cells . treatment for anaemia is given to adult patients with chronic renal failure or to adult patients with non - myeloid cancer ( cancer not originating in the bone marrow ) who at the same time are receiving chemotherapy ( medicines to treat cancer ).
what darzalex is darzalex is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance daratumumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to specific targets in the body . daratumumab has been designed to attach to specific cancer cells in your body , so that your immune system can destroy the cancer cells . what darzalex is used for darzalex is used in adults 18 years or older , who have a type of cancer called " multiple myeloma ". this is a cancer of your bone marrow .
panretin belongs to a group of medicines that are related to vitamin a and known as retinoids . panretin is used in patients with aids - related kaposi ' s sarcoma ( ks ) and is for the treatment of the ks lesions : - that are on the skin only - which have not responded to your hiv treatment - where the skin or lesion is not broken - where the surrounding skin is not swollen - if your doctor thinks that other treatments are not suitable for you . panretin does not treat ks that is inside the body .
grepid contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). grepid is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed grepid to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of grepid and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed grepid plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
ablavar is an injectable contrast medium for making a diagnostic image of the body ' s blood vessels in the abdomen or limb clearer . it is for use in adults only . ablavar is for diagnostic use only . it is used to help detect changes in the blood vessels which are known or suspected to be abnormal . the diagnosis can be made with greater accuracy than without using this medicine . this medicine , a contrast agent with magnetic properties , helps to visualise the passage of blood through the vessels by brightening the blood for an extended period . this medicine is used together with an imaging technique called magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ). if you have any questions or are not sure about something , ask the doctor or mri - centre personnel .
zarzio is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . zarzio works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight infection . zarzio stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . zarzio can be used : to increase the number of white blood cells after treatment with chemotherapy to help prevent infections ; to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent infections ; before high - dose chemotherapy to make the bone marrow produce more stem cells which can be collected and given back to you after your treatment . these can be taken from you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bone marrow and produce blood cells ; to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent infections ; in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of infections .
what xofluza is xofluza contains baloxavir marboxil . this is a type of antiviral medicine called a ' cap - dependent endonuclease inhibitor '. xofluza is used for treating and preventing influenza . this medicine stops the influenza virus from spreading in the body and helps shorten the time to recovery from symptoms . what xofluza is used for xofluza is used to treat influenza in patients aged 12 years and above who have had influenza symptoms for less than 48 hours . xofluza is used to prevent influenza in individuals aged 12 years and above who have been in close contact with someone who is known or suspected to have influenza .
tadalafil mylan is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . tadalafil has been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . tadalafil mylan contains the active substance tadalafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . following sexual stimulation tadalafil mylan works by helping the blood vessels in your penis to relax , allowing the flow of blood into your penis . the result of this is improved erectile function . tadalafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
what sildenafil ratiopharm is sildenafil ratiopharm contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine allows an erection to last long enough for you to satisfactorily complete sexual activity . it reduces the action of the natural chemical in your body , which makes erections go away . sildenafil ratiopharm will only work when you are sexually stimulated . what sildenafil ratiopharm is used for sildenafil ratiopharm is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
kogenate bayer contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). kogenate bayer is used for treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ). this preparation does not contain von willebrand factor and is therefore not to be used in von willebrand ' s disease .
xromi contains hydroxycarbamide , a substance which reduces the growth and multiplication of some cells in the bone marrow . these effects lead to a reduction of circulating red , white and coagulation blood cells . in sickle cell disease , hydroxycarbamide also helps to prevent red blood cells from taking the abnormal sickle shape . sickle cell disease is an inherited blood disorder that affects the disc shaped red cells of the blood . some cells become abnormal , rigid and take a crescent or sickle shape which leads to anaemia . the sickle cells also get stuck in blood vessels , blocking blood flow . this can cause acute pain crises and organ damage . xromi is used to prevent the complications of blocked blood vessels caused by sickle cell disease in patients over 2 years of age . xromi will decrease the number of painful crises as well as the need for hospitalisation as a result of the disease .
scenesse contains the active substance afamelanotide . afamelanotide is a synthetic form of a body hormone called alpha - melanocyte stimulating hormone ( α - msh ). afamelanotide works in a way similar to the natural hormone , by making skin cells produce eumelanin which is a brown - black type of melanin pigment in the body . afamelanotide is used to increase the tolerance to sunlight in adults with a confirmed diagnosis of erythropoietic protoporphyria ( epp ). epp is a condition in which patients have an increased sensitivity to sunlight , which can cause toxic effects such as pain and burning . by increasing the amount of eumelanin , scenesse can help to delay the onset of pain due to skin photosensitivity ( sensitive to sunlight ).
sebivo contains the active substance telbivudine . sebivo belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines , which are used to treat infections caused by viruses . sebivo is used to treat adults with chronic hepatitis b . starting treatment with sebivo should only be considered when it is not possible or appropriate to use an alternative medicine to which the hepatitis b virus is less likely to develop resistance . your doctor will decide which treatment is most appropriate for you . hepatitis b is caused by infection with the hepatitis b virus , which multiplies in the liver and causes liver damage . treatment with sebivo reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in the body by blocking its growth , resulting in less liver damage and improved liver function .
ellaone is an emergency contraceptive ellaone is a contraceptive intended to prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex or if your contraceptive method has failed . for example : - if you had sex without protection ; - if your or your partner ' s condom tore , slipped or came off , or if you forgot to use one ; - if you did not take your contraceptive pill as recommended . you should take the tablet as soon as possible after sex , and within a maximum of 5 days ( 120 hours ). this is because the sperm can survive up to 5 days in your body after intercourse . this medicine is suitable for any woman of childbearing age , including adolescents . you can take the tablet at any time in the menstrual cycle . ellaone does not work if you are already pregnant if your menstrual period is late , there is a possibility that you may be pregnant . when your period is late or when you have symptoms of pregnancy ( heavy breasts , morning sickness ) you should consult a doctor or other healthcare professional before taking the tablet . if you have unprotected sex after taking the tablet , it will not stop you from becoming pregnant . unprotected sex at any time during your cycle can lead to pregnancy . ellaone is not to be used for regular contraception if you do not have a regular method of contraception , talk to your doctor or healthcare professional to choose one that is suitable for you . how ellaone works ellaone contains the substance ulipristal acetate which acts by modifying the activity of the natural hormone progesterone which is necessary for ovulation to occur . as a result , this medicine works by postponing ovulation . emergency contraception is not effective in every case . of 100 women who take this medicine approximately 2 will become pregnant . this medicine is a contraceptive used to prevent a pregnancy from starting . if you are already pregnant , it will not interrupt an existing pregnancy . emergency contraception does not protect against sexually transmitted infections only condoms can protect you from sexually transmitted infections . this medicine will not protect you against hiv infection or any other sexually transmitted diseases ( e . g . chlamydia , genital herpes , genital warts , gonorrhoea , hepatitis b and syphilis ). ask a healthcare professional for advice if you are worried about this . there is more information about contraception at the end of this leaflet .
what zimbus breezhaler is and how it works zimbus breezhaler contains three active substances : - indacaterol - glycopyrronium - mometasone furoate indacaterol and glycopyrronium belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when they are taken regularly , they help the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . corticosteroids also help to prevent attacks of asthma . what zimbus breezhaler is used for zimbus breezhaler is used regularly as treatment for asthma in adults . asthma is a serious , long - term lung disease where the muscles around the smaller airways become tight ( bronchoconstriction ) and inflamed . symptoms come and go and include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you should use zimbus breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how zimbus breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
fampridine accord is a medicine used to improve walking in adults ( 18 years and over ) with multiple sclerosis ( ms ) related walking disability . in multiple sclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath around the nerves leading to muscle weakness , muscle stiffness and difficulty walking . fampridine accord contains the active substance fampridine which belongs to a group of medicines called potassium channel blockers . they work by stopping potassium leaving the nerve cells which have been damaged by ms . this medicine is thought to work by letting signals pass down the nerve more normally , which allows you to walk better .
ibandronic acid sandoz contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz tablets is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or radiotherapy . ibandronic acid sandoz works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
vihuma contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . vihuma replaces the missing factor viii and is used for treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia a and can be used for all age groups .
volibris contains the active substance ambrisentan . it belongs to a group of medicines called other antihypertensives ( used to treat high blood pressure ). it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ) in adults . pah is high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . in people with pah , these arteries get narrower , so the heart has to work harder to pump blood through them . this causes people to feel tired , dizzy and short of breath . volibris widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . volibris may also be used in combination with other medicines used to treat pah .
tractocile contains atosiban . tractocile can be used to delay the premature birth of your baby . tractocile is used in pregnant adult women , from week 24 to week 33 of the pregnancy . tractocile works by making the contractions in your womb ( uterus ) less strong . it also makes the contractions happen less often . it does this by blocking the effect of a natural hormone in your body called " oxytocin " which causes your womb ( uterus ) to contract .
halaven contains the active substance eribulin and is an anti - cancer medicine which works by stopping the growth and spread of cancer cells . it is used in adults for locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour ) when at least one other therapy has been tried but has lost its effect . it is also used in adults for advanced or metastatic liposarcoma ( a type of cancer that arises from fat tissue ) when previous therapy has been tried but has lost its effect .
mycophenolate mofetil teva is a medicine that is used to suppress immune activity . the active substance in this medicine is called mycophenolate mofetil . mycophenolate mofetil teva is used to prevent your body rejecting a transplanted kidney , heart or liver . it is used in combination with other medicines with a similar function ( i . e . ciclosporin and corticosteroids ).
toujeo contains insulin called " insulin glargine ". this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . toujeo contains 3 times more insulin in 1 ml than standard insulin , which contains 100 unit / ml . it is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children from the age of 6 years . diabetes mellitus is an illness where your body does not make enough insulin to control your blood sugar . toujeo lowers your blood sugar steadily over a long period of time . it is used for once daily dosing . you can change the time of your injection if you need to . this is because this medicine lowers your blood sugar over a long period of time ( for more information , see section 3 ).
qtern contains the active substances saxagliptin and dapagliflozin . each belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". - this medicine is taken by mouth for diabetes . - this medicine is used if your diabetes cannot be controlled with other oral diabetes medicines , along with diet and exercise . qtern is used for a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes mellitus " in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ). " type 2 diabetes mellitus " is the type of diabetes that usually starts when you are older . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . the two active substances in qtern work in different ways to help control the level of sugar in your blood and remove excess sugar from your body via your urine . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel acino contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel acino plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
∑ tamiflu is used for adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) for treating flu ( influenza ). it can be used when you have flu symptoms , and the flu virus is known to be going round in your community . ∑ tamiflu can also be prescribed for adults , adolescents , children and infants above 1 year of age for preventing flu , on a case - by - case basis for instance , if you have been in contact with someone who has flu . ∑ tamiflu may be prescribed for adults , adolescents , children and infant ( including full - term newborn babies ) as preventive treatment in exceptional circumstances for example , if there is a global epidemic of flu ( a flu pandemic ) and the seasonal flu vaccine may not provide sufficient protection . tamiflu contains oseltamivir , which belongs to a group of medicines named neuraminidase inhibitors . these medicines prevent the flu virus from spreading inside the body . they help to ease or prevent the symptoms of the flu virus infection . influenza , usually called flu , is an infection caused by a virus . the signs of flu often include a sudden fever ( more than 37 . 8 ), cough , runny or stuffy nose , headaches , muscle aches and extreme tiredness . these symptoms can also be caused by other infections . true influenza infection only occurs during annual outbreaks ( epidemics ) when flu viruses are spreading in the local community . outside epidemic periods , flu - like symptoms are usually caused by a different type of illness .
the name of your medicine is pelzont . it contains two different active substances : nicotinic acid , a lipid modifying medicine , and laropiprant , which reduces symptoms of flushing , a common side effect of nicotinic acid . how pelzont works pelzont is used in addition to diet to lower your ' bad ' cholesterol level . it does this by lowering the levels of total cholesterol , ldl cholesterol , fatty substances called triglycerides and apo b ( a part of ldl ) in the blood ; to raise levels of ' good ' cholesterol ( hdl cholesterol ) and apo a - i ( a part of hdl ). what should i know about cholesterol and triglycerides ? cholesterol is one of several fats found in your blood . your total cholesterol is made up mainly of ' bad ' ( ldl ) and ' good ' ( hdl ) cholesterol . ldl cholesterol is often called ' bad ' cholesterol because it can build up in the walls of your arteries and form plaque . over time , this plaque build - up can lead to a clogging of your arteries . this clogging can slow or block blood flow to vital organs such as the heart and brain . when the blood flow is blocked , the result can be a heart attack or stroke . hdl cholesterol is often called ' good ' cholesterol because it helps keep the ' bad ' cholesterol from building up in the arteries and because it protects against heart disease . triglycerides are another fat in your blood . they may raise your risk of having heart problems . in most people , at first there are no signs of cholesterol problems . your doctor can measure your cholesterol with a simple blood test . visit your doctor regularly to keep track of your cholesterol and discuss your goals with your doctor . pelzont is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolaemia or mixed dyslipidaemia : when you cannot control your cholesterol levels with a statin alone ( class of cholesterol - lowering medicines working in the liver ); 31 when you cannot tolerate a statin or when a statin is not recommended for you . patients with combined mixed dyslipidaemia have high blood levels of ' bad ' ldl cholesterol and triglycerides ( a type of fat ), and low levels of ' good ' hdl cholesterol . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of cholesterol in the blood are high . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any identifiable cause .
the active substance in sancuso is granisetron , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiemetics and antinauseants . sancuso is a transdermal ( skin ) patch used to prevent nausea ( feeling sick ) and vomiting ( being sick ) in adults receiving chemotherapy treatments ( medicines to treat cancer ) lasting 3 to 5 days and who have difficulty swallowing tablets ( for example due to soreness , dryness or inflammation of the mouth or throat ). you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after the first day of chemotherapy .
pioglitazone krka contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . pioglitazone krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether pioglitazone krka is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . pioglitazone krka may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as sulphonylurea or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
besremi contains the active substance ropeginterferon alfa - 2b , which belongs to the class of medicinal products called interferons . interferons are produced by your immune system to block the growth of cancer cells . besremi is used as monotherapy for the treatment of polycythaemia vera in adults . polycythaemia vera is a type of cancer in which the bone marrow produces too many red blood cells , white blood cells and platelets ( cells that help the blood to clot ).
synagis contains an active ingredient called palivizumab which is an antibody that works specifically against a virus called respiratory syncytial virus , rsv . your child is at high risk of getting an illness caused by a virus called respiratory syncytial virus ( rsv ). children who are more likely to get severe rsv disease ( high risk children ) include babies born prematurely ( 35 weeks or less ) or babies born with certain heart or lung problems . synagis is a medicine to help protect your child from getting severe rsv illness
grasustek is for use in adults aged 18 and over . grasustek contains the active substance pegfilgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . grasustek is used to reduce the duration of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level , there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you grasustek to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
what leganto is leganto contains the active substance rotigotine . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' dopamine agonists '. dopamine is a messenger in the brain which is important for movement . what leganto is used for leganto is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of : restless legs syndrome ( rls ) this can be associated with discomfort in your legs or arms , urges to move around , sleep disturbance and feeling tired or sleepy during the day . these symptoms are either reduced or their duration is shortened with leganto treatment .
fampyra is a medicine used to improve walking in adults ( 18 years and over ) with multiple sclerosis ( ms ) related walking disability . in multiple sclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath around the nerves leading to muscle weakness , muscle stiffness and difficulty walking . fampyra contains the active substance fampridine which belongs to a group of medicines called potassium channel blockers . they work by stopping potassium leaving the nerve cells which have been damaged by ms . this medicine is thought to work by letting signals pass down the nerve more normally , which allows you to walk better .
duzallo contains the active ingredients allopurinol and lesinurad . it is used to treat gout in adult patients in case allopurinol alone is not controlling your gout . gout is a type of arthritis caused by the build - up of uric acid crystals around the joints . by lowering the amount of uric acid in the blood , duzallo stops this build - up and may prevent further joint damage .
irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva is a combination of two active substances , irbesartan and hydrochlorothiazide . irbesartan belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body that binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . hydrochlorothiazide is one of a group of medicines ( called thiazide diuretics ) that causes increased urine output and so causes a lowering of blood pressure . the two active ingredients in irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva work together to lower blood pressure further than if either was given alone . irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva is used to treat high blood pressure , when treatment with irbesartan or hydrochlorothiazide alone did not provide adequate control of your blood pressure .
aclasta contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates and is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis or osteoporosis caused by treatment with corticosteroids used to treat inflammation , and paget ' s disease of the bone in adults . osteoporosis osteoporosis is a disease that involves the thinning and weakening of the bones and is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause bone loss occurs , bones become weaker and break more easily . osteoporosis could also occur in men and women because of the long term use of steroids , which can affect the strength of bones . many patients with osteoporosis have no symptoms but they are still at risk of breaking bones because osteoporosis has made their bones weaker . decreased circulating levels of sex hormones , mainly oestrogens converted from androgens , also play a role in the more gradual bone loss observed in men . in both women and men , aclasta strengthens the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . aclasta is also used in patients who have recently broken their hip in a minor trauma such as a fall and therefore are at risk of subsequent bone breaks . paget ' s disease of the bone it is normal that old bone is removed and is replaced with new bone material . this process is called remodelling . in paget ' s disease , bone remodelling is too rapid and new bone is formed in a disordered fashion , which makes it weaker than normal . if the disease is not treated , bones may become deformed and painful , and may break . aclasta works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the bone .
cablivi contains the active substance caplacizumab . it is used to treat an episode of acquired thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura in adults and adolescents of 12 years of age and older weighing at least 40 kg . this is a rare blood clotting disorder in which clots form in small blood vessels . these clots can block blood vessels and damage the brain , heart , kidneys , or other organs . cablivi prevents the formation of these blood clots by stopping platelets in the blood from clumping together . by doing so , cablivi reduces the risk of experiencing another episode of attp soon after the first .
izba contains travoprost , one of a group of medicines called prostaglandin analogues . izba is used to reduce high pressure in the eye in adults , adolescents and children from 3 years old onward . this pressure can lead to an illness called glaucoma .
what esperoct is esperoct contains the active substance turoctocog alfa pegol and is a long - acting recombinant coagulation factor viii product . factor viii is a protein found in the blood that helps to prevent and stop bleeding . what esperoct is used for esperoct is used to treat and prevent bleeding in people 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in people with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or does not work properly . esperoct replaces this faulty or missing factor viii and helps blood to form clots at the site of bleeding .
zoely is a contraceptive pill that is used to prevent pregnancy . all 24 white film - coated tablets are active tablets that contain a small amount of two different female hormones . these are nomegestrol acetate ( a progestogen ) and estradiol ( an oestrogen ). the 4 yellow tablets are inactive tablets that do not contain hormones and are called placebo tablets . contraceptive pills that contain two different hormones , like zoely , are called ' combined pills '. estradiol , the oestrogen in zoely , is identical to the hormone produced by your ovaries during a menstrual cycle . nomegestrol acetate , the progestogen in zoely , is derived from the hormone progesterone . progesterone is produced by your ovaries during a menstrual cycle .
ristaben contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with certain other medicines ( insulin , metformin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
zinplava contains the active substance bezlotoxumab . zinplava is a medicine that is given together with an antibiotic to prevent clostridium difficile infection ( cdi ) from coming back in patients 18 years of age or older who have a high risk of cdi coming back . how zinplava works when people get cdi , they are usually given an antibiotic to get rid of the infection , but cdi can often come back within weeks or months . the bacteria responsible for cdi produce a toxin that can inflame and damage your colon , causing stomach pain and severe diarrhoea . zinplava acts by attaching to the toxin and blocking it , thereby preventing the symptoms of cdi from coming back .
nuwiq contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . nuwiq replaces the missing factor viii and is used for treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia a and can be used for all age groups .
what bronchitol is bronchitol contains a medicine called mannitol which is a mucolytic agent . what bronchitol is used for bronchitol is for use in adults 18 years of age and over . as well as using bronchitol you will normally keep using the other medicines you take for cystic fibrosis . how bronchitol works bronchitol is inhaled into the lungs to help with cystic fibrosis , an inherited disease that affects the glands in the lungs , gut and pancreas that secrete fluids such as mucus and digestive juices . bronchitol helps by increasing the amount of water on the surface of your airways and in your mucus . this helps your lungs to clear mucus more easily . it also helps improve the condition of your lungs and your breathing . as a result you may get a ' productive cough ', which also helps to remove mucus from your lungs .
the active substance in is remdesivir . it is an antiviral medicine used for treating covid - 19 . covid - 19 is caused by a virus called a coronavirus . veklury stops the virus multiplying in cells and this stops the virus multiplying in the body . this can help your body to overcome the virus infection , and may help you get better faster . veklury will be given to people with covid - 19 . it is suitable for adults and adolescents ( aged 12 and over who weigh 40 kg or more ). it will only be given to patients who have pneumonia , and need extra oxygen to help them breathe .
vargatef capsules contain the active substance nintedanib . nintedanib blocks the activity of a group of proteins which are involved in the development of new blood vessels that cancer cells need to supply them with food and oxygen . by blocking the activity of these proteins , nintedanib can help stop the growth and spread of the cancer . this medicine is used in combination with another cancer medicine ( docetaxel ) to treat a cancer of the lung called non - small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ). it is for adult patients whose nsclc is of a certain type (" adenocarcinoma ") and who had already received one treatment with another medicine to treat this cancer but whose tumour started to grow again .
inlyta is a medicine containing the active substance axitinib . axitinib reduces the blood supply to the tumour and slows down the growth of cancer . inlyta is indicated for the treatment of advanced kidney cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) in adults , when another medicine ( called sunitinib or a cytokine ) is no longer stopping disease from progressing . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what cetrotide is cetrotide contains a medicine called ' cetrorelix '. this medicine stops your body from releasing an egg from your ovary ( ovulation ) during your menstrual cycle . cetrotide belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - gonadotropin - releasing hormones '. what cetrotide is used for cetrotide is one of the medicines used during ' assisted reproductive techniques ' to help you get pregnant . it stops eggs being released straight away . this is because if the eggs are released too early ( premature ovulation ) it may not be possible for your doctor to collect them . how cetrotide works cetrotide blocks a natural hormone in your body called lhrh (' luteinising hormone releasing hormone '). lhrh controls another hormone , called lh (' luteinising hormone '). lh stimulates ovulation during your menstrual cycle . this means that cetrotide stops the chain of events that leads to an egg being released from your ovary . when your eggs are ready to be collected , another medicine will be given to you that will release them ( ovulation induction ).
the active substance in ozurdex is dexamethasone . dexamethasone belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . ozurdex is used to treat adult patients with : vision loss due to diabetic macular oedema ( dme ), if you have already had an operation for cataract , or if you have not previously responded to , or are not suitable for , other types of treatment . diabetic macular oedema is a swelling of the light - sensitive layer at the back of the eye called the macula . dme is a condition that affects some people with diabetes . vision loss caused by a blockage of veins in the eye . this blockage leads to a build up of fluid causing swelling in the area of the retina ( the light - sensitive layer at the back of the eye ) called the macula . swelling of the macula may lead to damage which affects your central vision which is used for tasks like reading . ozurdex works by reducing this swelling of the macular which helps to lessen or prevent more damage to the macula . inflammation of the back of the eye . this inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye , ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). ozurdex works by reducing this inflammation .
apidra is an antidiabetic agent , used to reduce high blood sugar in patients with diabetes mellitus ; it may be given to adults , adolescents and children , 6 years of age and older . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . it is made by biotechnology . it has a rapid onset within 10 - 20 minutes and a short duration , about 4 hours .
what ventavis is the active substance of ventavis is iloprost . it imitates a natural substance in the body called prostacyclin . ventavis inhibits unwanted blocking or narrowing of blood vessels and allows more blood to flow through the vessels . what ventavis is used for ventavis is used to treat moderate cases of primary pulmonary hypertension ( pph ) in adult patients . pph is a category of pulmonary hypertension where the cause of the high blood pressure is not known . this is a condition where blood pressure is too high in the blood vessels between the heart and the lungs . ventavis is used to improve exercise capacity ( the ability to carry out physical activity ) and symptoms . how ventavis works breathing in the mist carries ventavis to the lungs , where it can work most effectively in the artery between heart and lungs . improved blood flow leads to a better supply of oxygen to the body and reduced strain on the heart .
instanyl contains the active substance fentanyl and belongs to a group of strong painkillers called opioids . opioids act by blocking the pain signals to the brain . instanyl acts rapidly and is used for relieving breakthrough pain in adult cancer patients already treated with opioids for their usual pain . breakthrough pain is an additional sudden pain that occurs despite you having taken your usual opioid pain relieving medicines .
imprida hct tablets contain three substances called amlodipine , valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide . all of these substances help to control high blood pressure . amlodipine belongs to a group of substances called " calcium channel blockers ". amlodipine stops calcium from moving into the blood vessel wall , which stops the blood vessels from tightening . valsartan belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is produced by the body and makes the blood vessels tighten , thus increasing the blood pressure . valsartan works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . hydrochlorothiazide belongs to a group of substances called " thiazide diuretics ". hydrochlorothiazide increases urine output , which also lowers blood pressure . as a result of all three mechanisms , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . imprida hct is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients who are already taking amlodipine , valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide and who may benefit from taking one tablet containing all three substances .
what lonquex is lonquex contains the active substance lipegfilgrastim . lipegfilgrastim is a long - acting modified protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . what lonquex is used for your doctor has prescribed lonquex for you in order to reduce the duration of a condition called neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ). these can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly - growing cells ). how lonquex works lipegfilgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level , there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection .
what tobi podhaler is tobi podhaler contains a medicine called tobramycin which is an antibiotic . this antibiotic belongs to a class called aminoglycosides . what tobi podhaler is used for tobi podhaler is used in patients aged 6 years and older who have cystic fibrosis to treat lung infections caused by bacteria called pseudomonas aeruginosa . for the best results from this medicine , please use it as this leaflet instructs you . how tobi podhaler works tobi podhaler is a powder for inhalation that is filled into capsules . when you inhale tobi podhaler , the antibiotic can enter directly into your lungs to fight against the bacteria causing the infection and to improve your breathing . what is pseudomonas aeruginosa it is a very common bacterium that infects the lungs of nearly everyone with cystic fibrosis at some time during their lives . some people do not get this infection until later on in their lives , while others get it very young . it is one of the most damaging bacteria for people with cystic fibrosis . if the infection is not properly fought , it will continue to damage your lungs , causing further problems to your breathing .
tadalafil lilly is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . tadalafil lilly has been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . tadalafil lilly contains the active substance tadalafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . following sexual stimulation tadalafil lilly works by helping the blood vessels in your penis to relax , allowing the flow of blood into your penis . the result of this is improved erectile function . tadalafil lilly will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil lilly does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
xyrem contains the active substance sodium oxybate . xyrem works by consolidating night - time sleep , though its exact mechanism of action is unknown . xyrem is used to treat narcolepsy with cataplexy in adults , adolescents and children from 7 years of age . narcolepsy is a sleep disorder that may include attacks of sleep during normal waking hours , as well as cataplexy , sleep paralysis , hallucinations and poor sleep . cataplexy is the onset of sudden muscle weakness or paralysis without losing consciousness , in response to a sudden emotional reaction such as anger , fear , joy , laughter or surprise .
capecitabine sun belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine sun contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic agent . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer agent ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine sun is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine sun is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine sun may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
yargesa contains the active substance miglustat which belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat two conditions : yargesa is used to treat mild to moderate type 1 gaucher disease in adults . in type 1 gaucher disease , a substance called glucosylceramide is not removed from your body . it starts to build up in certain cells of the body ' s immune system . this can result in liver and spleen enlargement , changes in the blood and bone disease . the usual treatment for type 1 gaucher disease is enzyme replacement therapy . yargesa is only used when a patient is considered unsuitable for treatment with enzyme replacement therapy . yargesa is also used to treat progressive neurological symptoms in niemann - pick type c disease in adults and in children . if you have niemann - pick type c disease , fats such as glycosphingolipids build up in the cells of your brain . this can result in disturbances in neurological functions such as slow eye movements , balance , swallowing , and memory , and in seizures . yargesa works by inhibiting the enzyme called ' glucosylceramide synthase ' which is responsible for the first step in the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids .
evarrest is a combination product made from an absorbable material ( matrix ) coated with human fibrinogen and human thrombin . fibrinogen is a protein extracted from the blood that forms a fibrin clot when acted upon by the enzyme thrombin . when the dry powder coating of evarrest is wetted , the thrombin acts on the fibrinogen to rapidly form a clot . the fibrin clot becomes embedded in the matrix which enables evarrest to stick firmly to the surrounding tissue . evarrest is applied during surgical operations in adult subjects , to stop bleeding and oozing during the operation . it is applied directly onto tissue where it sticks firmly and stops bleeding . it is left in place after the operation and is absorbed by the body .
xigris is very similar to a protein that occurs naturally in your blood . this protein helps to control blood clotting and inflammation . when your body has a severe infection , clots can form in your blood . these can block the blood supply to important parts of your body such as the kidneys and lungs . this causes an illness called severe sepsis which can make you very ill . some people will die from this illness . xigris helps your body to get rid of the clots and also reduces the inflammation caused by the infection . xigris is used to treat adults with severe sepsis .
what gazyvaro is gazyvaro contains the active substance obinutuzumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching themselves to specific targets in your body . what gazyvaro is used for gazyvaro can be used in adults to treat two different types of cancer chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( also called " cll ") - gazyvaro is used in patients who have not had any treatment for cll before and who have other illnesses which make it unlikely that they would be able to tolerate a full dose of a different medicine used to treat cll called fludarabine . - gazyvaro is used together with another medicine for cancer called chlorambucil . follicular lymphoma ( also called " fl ") - gazyvaro is used in patients who have not had any treatment for fl - gazyvaro is used in patients who have had at least one treatment with a medicine called rituximab before and whose fl has come back or got worse during or after this treatment . - at the start of treatment for fl , gazyvaro is used together with other medicines for cancer . - gazyvaro can then be used on its own for up to 2 years as a " maintenance treatment ". how gazyvaro works cll and fl are types of cancer that affect white blood cells called " b - lymphocytes ". the affected " b - lymphocytes " multiply too quickly and live too long . gazyvaro binds to targets on the surface of the affected " b - lymphocyte " cells and causes them to die . when gazyvaro is given to patients with cll or fl together with other medicines for cancer - this slows down the time it takes for their disease to get worse .
zerit belongs to a particular group of antiviral medicines , also known as antiretrovirals , called nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). these are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . this medicinal product , in combination with other antiretrovirals , reduces the hiv viral load and keeps it at a low level . it also increases cd4 cell counts . these cd4 cells play an important role in maintaining a healthy immune system to help fight infection . response to treatment with zerit varies between patients . your doctor will therefore be monitoring the effectiveness of your treatment . zerit may improve your condition , but it is not a cure for your hiv infection . you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . during treatment , other infections linked to a weakened immunity ( opportunistic infections ) may arise . these will require specific and sometimes preventive treatment .
entacapone teva tablets contain entacapone and are used together with levodopa to treat parkinson ' s disease . entacapone teva aids levodopa in relieving the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . entacapone teva has no effect on relieving the symptoms of parkinson ´ s disease unless taken with levodopa .
what lenalidomide accord is lenalidomide accord contains the active substance ' lenalidomide '. this medicine belongs to a group of medicines which affect how your immune system works . what lenalidomide accord is used for lenalidomide accord is used in adults for multiple myeloma and follicular lymphoma . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a type of cancer which affects a certain kind of white blood cell , called the plasma cell . these cells collect in the bone marrow and divide , becoming out of control . this can damage the bones and kidneys . multiple myeloma generally cannot be cured . however , the signs and symptoms can be greatly reduced or disappear for a period of time . this is called a ' response '. newly diagnosed multiple myeloma in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant lenalidomide accord is used on its own as maintenance therapy after patients have recovered enough following a bone marrow transplant . newly diagnosed multiple myeloma in patients who cannot have a bone marrow transplant lenalidomide accord is taken with other medicines : these may include : 81 a chemotherapy medicine called ' bortezomib ' an anti - inflammatory medicine called ' dexamethasone ' a chemotherapy medicine called ' melphalan ' and an immunosuppressant medicine called ' prednisone '. you will take these other medicines at the start of treatment and then continue to take lenalidomide on its own . if you are aged 75 years or older or have moderate to severe kidney problems - your doctor will check you carefully before starting treatment . multiple myeloma in patients who have had treatment before lenalidomide accord is taken together with an anti - inflammatory medicine called ' dexamethasone '. lenalidomide can stop the signs and symptoms of multiple myeloma getting worse . it has also been shown to delay multiple myeloma from coming back following treatment . follicular lymphoma ( fl ) fl is a slow growing cancer that affects the b - lymphocytes . these are a type of white blood cells that help your body fight infection . when you have fl , too many of these b - lymphocytes may collect in your blood , bone marrow , lymph nodes and spleen . lenalidomide is taken together with another medicine called ' rituximab ' for the treatment of adult patients with previously treated follicular lymphoma . how lenalidomide accord works lenalidomide works by affecting the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . it works in a number of different ways : by stopping the cancer cells developing by stopping blood vessels growing in the cancer by stimulating part of the immune system to attack the cancer cells .
what lacosamide accord is lacosamide accord contains lacosamide . this belongs to a group of medicines called " antiepileptic medicines ". these medicines are used to treat epilepsy . you have been given this medicine to lower the number of fits ( seizures ) you have . what lacosamide accord is used for lacosamide accord is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is used to treat a certain type of epilepsy characterised by the occurrence of partial - onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation . in this type of epilepsy , fits first affect only one side of your brain . however , these may then spread to larger areas on both sides of your brain . lacosamide accord may be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines .
nexavar is used to treat liver cancer ( hepatocellular carcinoma ). nexavar is also used to treat kidney cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) at an advanced stage when standard therapy has not helped to stop your disease or is considered unsuitable . nexavar is used to treat thyroid cancer ( differentiated thyroid carcinoma ). nexavar is a so - called multikinase inhibitor . it works by slowing down the rate of growth of cancer cells and cutting off the blood supply that keeps cancer cells growing .
trudexa is intended for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis . it is a medicine that decreases the inflammation process of these diseases . the active ingredient , adalimumab , is a human monoclonal antibody produced by cultured cells . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . adalimumab binds to a specific protein ( tumour necrosis factor or tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given trudexa to treat your rheumatoid arthritis . trudexa can also be used to treat severe , active and progressive rheumatoid arthritis without previous methotrexate treatment . trudexa has been shown to slow down the damage to the cartilage and bone of the joints caused by the disease and to improve physical function . usually , trudexa is used with methotrexate . if your doctor determines that methotrexate is inappropriate , trudexa can be given alone . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammation of the joints associated with psoriasis . ankylosing spondylitis ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the spine . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given trudexa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the digestive tract . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given trudexa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
liprolog is used to treat diabetes . liprolog works more quickly than normal human insulin because the insulin molecule has been changed slightly . you get diabetes if your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the level of glucose in your blood . liprolog is a substitute for your own insulin and is used to control glucose in the long term . it works very quickly and lasts a shorter time than soluble insulin ( 2 to 5 hours ). you should normally use liprolog within 15 minutes of a meal . your doctor may tell you to use liprolog as well as a longer - acting insulin . each kind of insulin comes with another patient information leaflet to tell you about it . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . be very careful if you do change insulin . liprolog is suitable for use in adults and children .
what lysakare is lysakare contains the active substances arginine and lysine , two different amino acids . it belongs to a group of medicines which are used to reduce the side effects of anti - cancer medicine . what lysakare is used for lysakare is used in adult patients to protect kidneys from unnecessary radiation during treatment with lutathera ( lutetium ( 177lu ) oxodotreotide ), a radioactive medicine used to treat certain tumours .
rebif belongs to a class of medicines known as interferons . these are natural substances that transmit messages between cells . interferons are produced by the body and play an essential role in the immune system . through mechanisms that are not totally understood , interferons help to limit the damage of the central nervous system associated with multiple sclerosis . rebif is a highly purified soluble protein that is similar to the natural interferon beta that is produced in the human body . rebif is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis . it has been shown to reduce the number and the severity of relapses and to slow the progression of disability .
adenuric tablets contain the active substance febuxostat and are used to treat gout , which is associated with an excess of a chemical called uric acid ( urate ) in the body . in some people , the amount of uric acid builds up in the blood and may become too high to remain soluble . when this happens , urate crystals may form in and around the joints and kidneys . these crystals can cause sudden , severe pain , redness , warmth and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). left untreated , larger deposits called tophi may form in and around joints . these tophi may cause joint and bone damage . adenuric works by reducing uric acid levels . keeping uric acid levels low by taking adenuric once every day stops crystals building up , and over time it reduces symptoms . keeping uric acid levels sufficiently low for a long enough period can also shrink tophi . adenuric 120 mg tablets is also used to treat and prevent high blood levels of uric acid that may occur when you start to receive chemotherapy for blood cancers . when chemotherapy is given , cancer cells are destroyed , and uric acid levels increase in the blood accordingly , unless the formation of uric acid is prevented . adenuric is for adults .
copalia tablets contain two substances called amlodipine and valsartan . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . amlodipine belongs to a group of substances called " calcium channel blockers ". amlodipine stops calcium from moving into the blood vessel wall which stops the blood vessels from tightening . valsartan belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is produced by the body and makes the blood vessels tighten , thus increasing the blood pressure . valsartan works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this means that both of these substances help to stop the blood vessels tightening . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . copalia is used to treat high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough with either amlodipine or valsartan on its own .
waylivra contains the active substance volanesorsen , which helps to treat a condition called familial chylomicronemia syndrome ( fcs ). fcs is a genetic disease which gives rise to abnormally high levels of fats called triglycerides in the blood . this can lead to inflammation of your pancreas , causing severe pain . together with a controlled low - fat diet , waylivra helps to lower the levels of triglycerides in your blood . waylivra may be given after you have already received other medicines used to lower the levels of triglycerides in blood without them having much effect . you will only be given waylivra if genetic testing has confirmed you have fcs and your risk for pancreatitis is considered very high .. you should continue the very low - fat diet that your doctor has prescribed during treatment with waylivra . this medicine is intended for patients aged 18 years and above .
the active ingredient fibrinogen is a concentrate of clottable protein ; the other active ingredient thrombin is an enzyme that causes clottable protein to coalesce to form a plug . raplixa is applied during surgical operations , to reduce bleeding and oozing during and after the operation in adults . in combination with a gelatin sponge , raplixa is applied or sprayed onto cut tissue where it forms a layer that helps to stop bleeding .
duavive is a medicine that contains two active substances called conjugated oestrogens and bazedoxifene . conjugated oestrogens is a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called hormone replacement therapy ( hrt ). bazedoxifene belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective estrogen receptor modulators ( serms ). duavive is used in postmenopausal women who still have their uterus ( womb ) and have not had a natural period in the last 12 months . duavive is used for : relief of symptoms occurring after menopause during the menopause , the amount of the oestrogen produced by a woman ' s body drops . this can cause symptoms such as hot face , neck and chest (" hot flushes "). duavive alleviates these symptoms after menopause . you will only be prescribed this medicine if your symptoms seriously hinder your daily life and your doctor determines that other types of hrt are not appropriate for you .
livensa is a transdermal patch which constantly releases small amounts of testosterone that is absorbed through your skin into the bloodstream . the testosterone in livensa is the same hormone as that produced naturally in men and women . after removal of the ovaries , testosterone drops to half of the levels compared to before the operation . decrease in testosterone has been associated with low sexual desire , reduced sexual thoughts and reduced sexual arousal . all or any of these problems can cause personal distress or relationship difficulties . the medical term for this condition is hypoactive sexual desire disorder , also known as hsdd . livensa is used to treat hsdd . livensa is intended for use by women up to the age of 60 years who : - have a low sexual desire which is causing distress or concern , and - have had both of their ovaries removed , and - have had their womb removed ( hysterectomy ), and - are receiving estrogen therapy . it may take longer than one month for you to notice an improvement . if you have not experienced a positive effect of livensa within 3 - 6 months , you should inform your doctor , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued .
clopidogrel ratiopharm contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tysabri contains the active substance ( natalizumab ). this active ingredient is called a monoclonal antibody . these antibodies work by binding to proteins in the body so that the harmful effect of that protein is removed . tysabri is used to treat multiple sclerosis ( ms ). ms causes inflammation in the brain that damages the nerve cells . tysabri stops the cells that cause inflammation from going into your brain . this reduces nerve damage caused by ms . what are the symptoms of multiple sclerosis ? the symptoms of ms vary from patient to patient , and you may experience some or none of them . symptoms can include ; walking problems , numbness in the face , arms or legs , problems seeing things , tiredness , feeling off - balance or light headed , bladder and bowel problems , difficulty in thinking and concentrating , depression , acute or chronic pain , sexual problems , and stiffness and muscle spasms . when the symptoms flare up , it is called a relapse ( also known as an exacerbation or an attack ). when a relapse occurs , you may notice the symptoms suddenly , within a few hours , or slowly progressing over several days . your symptoms will then usually improve gradually ( this is called a remission ). in clinical trials , tysabri approximately halved the progression of the disabling effects of ms and also decreased the number of ms attacks by about two - thirds . when you receive tysabri you might not notice any improvement , but tysabri may still be working to prevent your ms becoming worse .
iclusig is used to treat adults with the following leukaemia types who are no longer benefiting from treatment with other medicines , or have a certain genetic difference known as a t315i mutation : chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cml ): a blood cancer involving too many abnormal white blood cells in the blood and the bone marrow ( where blood cells are formed ). philadelphia - chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ph + all ): a type of leukaemia involving too many immature white blood cells in the blood and blood forming bone marrow . in this kind of leukaemia , some of the dna ( genetic material ) has become rearranged to form an abnormal chromosome , the philadelphia chromosome . iclusig belongs to a group of medicines called tyrosine kinase inhibitors . in patients with cml and ph + all , changes in the dna trigger a signal that tells the body to produce abnormal white blood cells . iclusig blocks this signal , thereby stopping the production of these cells .
the name of your medicine is jevtana . its common name is cabazitaxel . it belongs to a group of medicines called " taxanes " used to treat cancers . jevtana is used to treat prostate cancer that has progressed after having had other chemotherapy . it works by stopping cells from growing and multiplying . as part of your treatment , you will also take a corticosteroid medicine ( prednisone or prednisolone ) by mouth every day . ask your doctor to give you information about this other medicine .
what anoro ellipta is anoro ellipta contains two active substances umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
sildenafil teva contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil teva will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil teva is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . amyvid contains the active substance florbetapir ( 18f ). amyvid is given to adults with memory problems so that doctors can perform a type of brain scan , called a pet scan . amyvid , along with other brain function tests , may help your doctor find the reason for your memory problems . an amyvid pet scan can help your doctor determine whether or not you may have β - amyloid plaques in your brain . β - amyloid plaques are deposits present in the brains of people with alzheimer ' s disease , but may also be present in the brain of people with other dementias . you should discuss the results of the test with the doctor that requested the scan . the use of amyvid does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
vibativ contains telavancin as active substance , which is an antibiotic of the glycopeptide group . vibativ is used to treat adult patients with infections of the lungs that have developed in the hospital , including patients on artificial ventilation , when these infections are known or suspected to be caused by bacteria called methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus ( mrsa ). it is only used when the bacteria that cause these infections can be killed with telavancin . vibativ can only be used when other antibiotics are not suitable . if you also have other bacteria that cause your infection , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to vibativ .
vyndaqel contains the active substance tafamidis . vyndaqel is a medicine which treats a disease called transthyretin amyloidosis transthyretin amyloidosis is caused by a protein called transthyretin ( ttr ) that does not work properly . ttr is a protein that carries other substances , such as hormones , through the body . in patients with this disease , ttr breaks up and may form fibres called amyloid . amyloid can build up around your nerves ( known as transthyretin amyloid polyneuropathy or attr - pn ) and in other places in your body . the amyloid causes the symptoms of this disease . when this occurs , it prevents them from working normally . vyndaqel , can prevent ttr from breaking up and forming amyloid . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with this disease whose nerves have been affected ( people with symptomatic polyneuropathy ) to delay further progression .
what is soliris soliris contains the active substance eculizumab and it belongs to a class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . eculizumab binds to and inhibits a specific protein in the body that causes inflammation and so prevents your body ' s systems from attacking and destroying vulnerable blood cells , kidneys , muscles or eye nerves and spinal cord . what is soliris used for paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria soliris is used to treat adults and children patients with a certain type of disease affecting the blood system called paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria ( pnh ). in patients with pnh , their red blood cells can be destroyed which can lead to low blood counts ( anaemia ), tiredness , difficulty in functioning , pain , dark urine , shortness of breath , and blood clots . eculizumab can block the body ' s inflammatory response , and its ability to attack and destroy its own vulnerable pnh blood cells . atypical haemolytic uremic syndrome soliris is also used to treat adults and children patients with a certain type of disease affecting the blood system and kidney called atypical haemolytic uremic syndrome ( ahus ). in patients with ahus , their kidney and blood cells , including platelets , can be inflamed which can lead to low blood counts ( thrombocytopenia and anaemia ), reduced or lost kidney function , blood clots , tiredness and difficulty in functioning . eculizumab can block the body ' s inflammatory response , and its ability to attack and destroy its own vulnerable blood and kidney cells . refractory generalized myasthenia gravis soliris is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease affecting the muscles and called generalized myasthenia gravis ( gmg ). in patients with gmg , their muscles can be attacked and damaged by the immune system which can lead to profound muscle weakness , impaired mobility , shortness of breath , extreme fatigue , risk for aspiration , and markedly impaired activities of daily living . soliris can 48 block the body ' s inflammatory response , and its ability to attack and destroy its own muscles to improve muscle contraction , thereby reducing symptoms of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily living . soliris is specifically indicated for patients who remain symptomatic despite treatment with other existing mg therapies . neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders soliris is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease that predominantly affects the eye nerves and the spinal cord called neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder ( nmosd ). in patients with nmosd , their eye nerve and spinal cord are attacked and damaged by the immune system which can lead to blindness in one or both eyes , weakness or paralysis in the legs or arms , painful spasms , loss of sensation , and markedly impaired activities of daily living . soliris can block the body ' s inflammatory response , and its ability to attack and destroy its own eye nerves and spinal cord , thereby reducing symptoms of the disease and impact of the disease on the activities of daily living .
amglidia contains the active substance called glibenclamide which belongs to a group of medicines called sulphonylureas used for lowering blood sugar ( blood - glucose ). amglidia is used in newborns , infants and children to treat diabetes that occurs at birth ( known as neonatal diabetes mellitus ). neonatal diabetes is a disease where the child ' s body does not release enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar ; amglidia is used only in patients who still have some ability to make insulin . sulphonylureas like glibenclamide have been shown to be effective in certain genetic mutations responsible for the genesis of neonatal diabetes . you must talk to a doctor if your child does not feel better or if he / she feels worse after a few days .
parsabiv contains the active substance etelcalcetide , which reduces parathyroid hormone known as pth . parsabiv is used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease who need haemodialysis to clear their blood of waste products . in secondary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is produced by the parathyroid glands ( four small glands in the neck ). " secondary " means that the hyperparathyroidism is caused by another condition , e . g . kidney disease . secondary hyperparathyroidism can cause the loss of calcium from the bones , which can lead to bone pain and fractures and problems with blood and heart vessels . by controlling the levels of pth , parsabiv helps to control calcium and phosphate in your body .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
ivabradine zentiva ( ivabradine ) is a heart medicine used to treat : ‒ symptomatic stable angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 70 beats per minute . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take heart medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with beta - blockers in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with a beta - blocker . ‒ chronic heart failure in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 75 beats per minute . it is used in combination with standard therapy , including beta - blocker therapy or when beta - blockers are contraindicated or not tolerated . about stable angina pectoris ( usually referred to as " angina ") stable angina is a heart disease which happens when the heart does not receive enough oxygen . it usually appears between 40 and 50 years of age . the most common symptom of angina is chest pain or discomfort . angina is more likely to happen when the heart beats faster in situations such as exercise , emotion , exposure to the cold or after eating . this increase in heart rate can cause the chest pain in people who suffer from angina . about chronic heart failure chronic heart failure is a heart disease which happens when your heart cannot pump enough blood to the rest of your body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are breathlessness , fatigue , tiredness and ankle swelling . how does ivabradine zentiva work ? ivabradine zentiva mainly works by reducing the heart rate by a few beats per minute . this lowers the heartʼs need for oxygen especially in the situations when an angina attack is more likely to happen . in this way ivabradine zentiva helps to control and reduce the number of angina attacks . furthermore as elevated heart rate adversely affects the heart functioning and vital prognosis in patients with chronic heart failure , the specific heart rate lowering action of ivabradine helps to improve the heart functioning and vital prognosis in these patients .
ivabradine jensonr ( ivabradine ) is a heart medicine used to treat : - symptomatic stable angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 70 beats per minute . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take heart medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with beta - blockers in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with a beta - blocker . - chronic heart failure in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 75 beats per minute . it is used in combination with standard therapy , including beta - blocker therapy or when beta - blockers are contraindicated or not tolerated . about stable angina pectoris ( usually referred to as " angina "): stable angina is a heart disease which happens when the heart does not receive enough oxygen . it usually appears between 40 and 50 years of age . the most common symptom of angina is chest pain or discomfort . angina is more likely to happen when the heart beats faster in situations such as exercise , emotion , exposure to the cold or after eating . this increase in heart rate can cause the chest pain in people who suffer from angina . about chronic heart failure : chronic heart failure is a heart disease which happens when your heart cannot pump enough blood to the rest of your body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are breathlessness , fatigue , tiredness and ankle swelling . how does ivabradine jensonr work ivabradine jensonr mainly works by reducing the heart rate by a few beats per minute . this lowers the heart ' s need for oxygen especially in the situations when an angina attack is more likely to happen . in this way ivabradine jensonr helps to control and reduce the number of angina attacks . furthermore as elevated heart rate adversely affects the heart functioning and vital prognosis in patients with chronic heart failure , the specific heart rate lowering action of ivabradine helps to improve the heart functioning and vital prognosis in these patients .
this medicine contains an active substance called aliskiren . aliskiren belongs to a class of medicines called renin inhibitors . renin inhibitors reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can produce . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to tighten , which increases the blood pressure . reducing the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers blood pressure . this helps to lower high blood pressure in adult patients . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the brain , heart and kidneys , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders .
ivabradine accord is a heart medicine used to treat : - symptomatic stable angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 70 beats per minute . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take heart medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with beta - blockers in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with a beta - blocker . - chronic heart failure in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 75 beats per minute . it is used in combination with standard therapy , including beta - blocker therapy or when beta - blockers are contraindicated or not tolerated . about stable angina pectoris ( usually referred to as " angina "): stable angina is a heart disease which happens when the heart does not receive enough oxygen . it usually appears between 40 and 50 years of age . the most common symptom of angina is chest pain or discomfort . angina is more likely to happen when the heart beats faster in situations such as exercise , emotion , exposure to the cold or after eating . this increase in heart rate can cause the chest pain in people who suffer from angina . about chronic heart failure : chronic heart failure is a heart disease which happens when your heart cannot pump enough blood to the rest of your body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are breathlessness , fatigue , tiredness and ankle swelling . how does ivabradine accord work ? ivabradine accord mainly works by reducing the heart rate by a few beats per minute . this lowers the heart ' s need for oxygen especially in the situations when an angina attack is more likely to happen . in this way ivabradine accord helps to control and reduce the number of angina attacks . furthermore as elevated heart rate adversely affects the heart functioning and vital prognosis in patients with chronic heart failure , the specific heart rate lowering action of ivabradine helps to improve the heart functioning and vital prognosis in these patients .
neupopeg is used to reduce the duration of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you neupopeg to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
what rituzena is rituzena contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is designed to stick to a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when sticking to the surface of this cell , rituximab causes the cell to die . what rituzena is used for rituzena may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe rituzena for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects b - lymphocytes . rituzena can be given alone or with other medicines called " chemotherapy ". b ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects b - lymphocytes , which originate in the bone marrow and develop in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the spread of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . rituzena in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells . c ) granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis rituzena is used for inducing remission in granulomatosis with polyangiitis ( formerly called wegener ' s granulomatosis ) or microscopic polyangiitis , taken in combination with corticosteroids . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions .
keytruda contains the active substance pembrolizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . keytruda works by helping your immune system fight your cancer . keytruda is used in adults to treat : a kind of skin cancer called melanoma a kind of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer a kind of cancer called classical hodgkin lymphoma a kind of cancer called bladder cancer ( urothelial carcinoma ) a kind of head and neck cancer called head and neck squamous cell carcinoma a kind of kidney cancer called renal cell carcinoma . people get keytruda when their cancer has spread or cannot be taken out by surgery . people get keytruda after they have had surgery to remove melanoma to help prevent their cancer from coming back ( adjuvant therapy ). keytruda may be given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor .
aripiprazole zentiva contains the active substance aripiprazole and belong to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 15 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole zentiva is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 13 years and older who suffer from a condition with symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with aripiprazole zentiva .
what segluromet is segluromet contains two active substances , ertugliflozin and metformin . ertugliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called sodium glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called biguanides . what segluromet is used for segluromet lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . segluromet can be used instead of taking both ertugliflozin and metformin as separate tablets . segluromet can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking segluromet . how segluromet works ertugliflozin works by blocking the sglt2 protein in your kidneys . this causes blood sugar to be removed in your urine . metformin works by inhibiting sugar ( glucose ) production in the liver . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
sivextro is an antibiotic that contains the active substance tedizolid phosphate . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oxazolidinones ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older with infections of the skin and tissues below the skin . it works by stopping the growth of certain bacteria which can cause serious infections .
naglazyme is used to treat patients with mps vi disease ( mucopolysaccharidosis vi ). people with mps vi disease have either a low level , or no level , of an enzyme called n - acetylgalactosamine 4 - sulfatase , which breaks down specific substances ( glycosaminoglycans ) in the body . as a result , these substances do not get broken down and processed by the body as they should . they accumulate in many tissues in the body , which causes the symptoms of mps vi . how this medicine works this medicine contains a recombinant enzyme called galsulfase . this can replace the natural enzyme which is lacking in mps vi patients . treatment has been shown to improve walking and stair - climbing ability , and to reduce the levels of glycosaminoglycans in the body . this medicine may improve the symptoms of mps vi .
what vimpat is vimpat contains lacosamide . this belongs to a group of medicines called " antiepileptic medicines ". these medicines are used to treat epilepsy . you have been given this medicine to lower the number of fits ( seizures ) you have . what vimpat is used for vimpat is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of epilepsy characterised by the occurrence of partial - onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation . in this type of epilepsy , fits first affect only one side of your brain . however , these may then spread to larger areas on both sides of your brain ; in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in patients with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
ryzodeg is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children from the age of 2 years . it helps your body reduce your blood sugar level . this medicine contains two types of insulin : basal insulin called insulin degludec , this has a long blood sugar - lowering effect . rapid - acting insulin called insulin aspart , this lowers your blood sugar soon after you inject it .
silgard is a vaccine . vaccination with silgard is intended to protect against diseases caused by human papillomavirus ( hpv ) types 6 , 11 , 16 , and 18 . these diseases include pre - cancerous lesions of the female genitals ( cervix , vulva , and vagina ); pre - cancerous lesions of the anus and genital warts in males and females ; cervical and anal cancers . hpv types 16 and 18 are responsible for approximately 70 % of cervical cancer cases , 75 - 80 % of anal cancer cases ; 70 % of hpv - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and vagina ; 75 % of hpv related pre - cancerous lesions of the anus . hpv types 6 and 11 are responsible for approximately 90 % of genital wart cases . silgard is intended to prevent these diseases . the vaccine is not used to treat hpv related diseases . silgard does not have any effect in individuals who already have a persistent infection or disease associated with any of the hpv types in the vaccine . however , in individuals who are already infected with one or more of the vaccine hpv types , silgard can still protect against diseases associated with the other hpv types in the vaccine . silgard cannot cause the diseases it protects against . silgard produces type - specific antibodies and has been shown in clinical trials to prevent hpv 6 -, 11 -, 16 -, and 18 - related diseases in women 16 - 45 years of age and in men 16 - 26 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 15 - year - old children and adolescents . silgard should be used in accordance with official guidelines .
what adjupanrix is and what it is used for adjupanrix is a vaccine for use in adults from 18 years old to prevent pandemic flu ( influenza ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
benepali contains the active substance , etanercept . benepali is a medicine that is made from two human proteins . it blocks the activity of another protein in the body that causes inflammation . benepali works by reducing the inflammation associated with certain diseases . in adults ( aged 18 and over ), benepali can be used for : moderate or severe rheumatoid arthritis ; psoriatic arthritis ; severe axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis ; moderate or severe psoriasis . in each case benepali is used , usually when other widely used treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . for rheumatoid arthritis , benepali is usually used in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , benepali can slow down the damage to your joints caused by the rheumatoid arthritis and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . for psoriatic arthritis patients with multiple joint involvement , benepali can improve your ability to do normal daily activities . for patients with multiple symmetrical painful or swollen joints ( e . g ., hands , wrists and feet ), benepali can slow down the structural damage to those joints caused by the disease . benepali is also prescribed for the treatment of the following diseases in children and adolescents . for the following types of juvenile idiopathic arthritis when treatment with methotrexate has not worked well enough or is not suitable for them : polyarthritis ( rheumatoid factor positive or negative ) and extended oligoarthritis in patients from the age of 2 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more . psoriatic arthritis in patients from the age of 12 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more . for enthesitis - related arthritis in patients from the age of 12 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more when other widely used treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . severe psoriasis in patients from the age of 6 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more who have had an inadequate response to ( or are unable to take ) phototherapies or other systemic therapies .
atryn contains antithrombin alfa which is similar to the naturally occurring human antithrombin . in the body , antithrombin blocks thrombin , a substance that plays a central role in the process of blood clotting . if you have an inborn deficiency of antithrombin , your blood level of antithrombin is lower than normal . this may result in a higher tendency to form clots in your blood vessels . this may be in the vessels of your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) or in other vessels of your body ( thromboembolism ). around major surgical procedures this tendency to clot is even more increased . therefore , it is important that your antithrombin blood level be maintained at sufficient levels in these situations . this medicine is used in patients who have ' congenital antithrombin deficiency ' ( inherited low levels of the protein antithrombin ). it is used when the patients are having surgery , to prevent problems due to the formation of blood clots in the vessels . it is normally given in association with heparin or low molecular weight heparin ( another medicine that helps to prevent blood clots ).
moventig contains the active substance naloxegol . it is a medicine used in adults to treat constipation specifically caused by pain medicines , called opioids , ( e . g . morphine , oxycodone , fentanyl , tramadol , codeine ) taken on a regular basis . it is used when laxatives have not provided acceptable relief of constipation . constipation related to opioids can result in symptoms such as : stomach pain rectal straining ( having to push very hard to move the stool out of the rectum , which can also cause pain in the anus during pushing ) hard stools ( stools which are hard " like a rock ") incomplete emptying of the rectum ( after having a bowel movement , the feeling as if a stool is still in the rectum which needs to come out ) in patients taking opioids with constipation , who have tried at least one laxative and had incomplete relief of constipation , moventig has been shown in clinical trials to increase the number of bowel movements and improve symptoms of constipation caused by opioids .
truberzi is a medicine that contains the active substance eluxadoline . it is used to treat irritable bowel syndrome (' ibs ') with diarrhoea ( ibs - d ) in adults . ibs is a common gut disorder . the main symptoms of ibs - d include : - stomach ache ; - stomach discomfort ; - diarrhoea ; - urgent bowel movements . truberzi acts on the surface of your gut to restore the normal function of your bowels and block the sensation of pain and discomfort in ibs - d patients .
prandin is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinide which helps your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . prandin is used to control type 2 diabetes in adults as an add - on to diet and exercise : treatment is usually started if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not been able to control ( or lower ) your blood sugar . prandin can also be given with metformin , another medicine for diabetes . prandin has been shown to lower the blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes .
buccolam contains a medicine called midazolam . midazolam belongs to a group of medicines known as benzodiazepines . buccolam is used to stop a sudden , prolonged , convulsive , seizure in infants , toddlers , children and adolescents ( from 3 months to less than 18 years of age ). in infants from 3 months to less than 6 months it should only be used in a hospital setting where monitoring is possible and resuscitation equipment is available . this medicine must only be used by parents / carers where the child has been diagnosed to have epilepsy .
methylthioninium chloride ( also called methylene blue ) belongs to a group of medicines called antidotes . methylthioninium chloride proveblue will be given to you or your child ( 0 - 17 years old ) to treat problems with your blood resulting from exposure to some medicines or chemicals that can cause a disease called methaemoglobinaemia . in methaemoglobinaemia , your blood contains too much methaemoglobin ( an abnormal form of haemoglobin that is not able to transport oxygen around your body effectively ). this medicine will help your haemoglobin return to normal and restore the transport of oxygen in the blood .
what victrelis is victrelis contains the active ingredient boceprevir which helps to fight against hepatitis c infection by stopping the virus multiplying . victrelis must always be used together with two other medicines . these are called peginterferon alfa and ribavirin . victrelis must not be used by itself . what victrelis is used for victrelis , in combination with peginterferon alfa and ribavirin , is used for chronic hepatitis c virus infection in adults ( also called hcv infection ). victrelis may be used in adults who are previously untreated for hcv infection or who have previously used medicines called ' interferons ' and ' pegylated interferons '. how victrelis works victrelis inhibits the direct replication of the virus and contributes in this way to lowering the amount of hepatitis c virus in your body .
novomix 30 is a modern insulin ( insulin analogue ) with both a rapid - acting and an intermediate - acting effect , in the ratio 30 / 70 . modern insulin products are improved versions of human insulin . novomix 30 is used to reduce the high blood sugar level in adults , adolescents and children aged 10 years and above with diabetes mellitus ( diabetes ). diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . novomix 30 will start to lower your blood sugar 1020 minutes after you inject it , the maximum effect occurs between 1 and 4 hours after the injection , and the effect lasts for up to 24 hours . in treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus , novomix 30 may be used in combination with tablets for diabetes and / or with injectable antidiabetic products .
topotecan hospira helps to destroy tumours . a doctor or a nurse will give you the medicine as an infusion into a vein in hospital . topotecan hospira is used to treat : ovarian cancer or small cell lung cancer that has come back after chemotherapy . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy treatment is not possible . when treating cervical cancer , topotecan hospira is combined with another medicine called cisplatin . your doctor will decide with you whether topotecan hospira therapy is better than further treatment with your initial chemotherapy .
temozolomide sun contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide sun is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temozolomide sun is at first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temozolomide sun is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
quofenix is an antibiotic that contains the active substance delafloxacin . it belongs to a group of medicines called fluoroquinolones . it is used to treat adults with serious short - term infections of the skin and tissues under the skin caused by certain bacteria when usual antibiotics cannot be used or have not worked . it works by blocking bacteria enzymes needed to copy and to repair their dna . by blocking these enzymes , quofenix kills bacteria that cause the infection .
what eklira genuair is the active ingredient of eklira genuair is aclidinium bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax airways and help keep bronchioles open . eklira genuair is a dry powder inhaler that uses your breath to deliver the medicine directly into your lungs . this makes it easier for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) patients to breathe . what eklira genuair is used for eklira genuair is indicated to help open the airways and relieve symptoms of copd , a serious , long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties . regular use of eklira genuair can help you when you have ongoing shortness of breath related to your disease to help you minimise the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
pregabalin accord belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain this medicine is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy this medicine is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin accord for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin accord in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin accord is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder this medicine is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
ferriprox contains the active substance deferiprone . ferriprox is an iron chelator , a type of medicine that removes excess iron from the body . ferriprox is used to treat iron overload caused by frequent blood transfusions in patients with thalassaemia major when current chelation therapy is contraindicated or inadequate .
yescarta is a type of medicine called a " genetically modified cell therapy ". yescarta is made specially for you as a single administration of your own modified white blood cells . it is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ). it is used to treat aggressive conditions in adults with diffuse large b - cell lymphoma ( dlbcl ) and primary mediastinal large b - cell lymphoma ( pmbcl ) affecting your lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b lymphocytes and other organs in your body . too many of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in your tissue and this is the cause of the symptoms you may have . it is used to treat these conditions when other available medicines have stopped working for you .
mysildecard contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . mysildecard brings down blood pressure in the lungs by widening the blood vessels in the lungs . mysildecard is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from 1 to 17 years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ).
empliciti contains the active substance elotuzumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . elotuzumab attaches to a target protein called slamf7 . slamf7 is found in large amounts on the surface of multiple myeloma cells and on certain cells of your immune system ( natural killer cells ). when elotuzumab binds to slamf7 on the multiple myeloma or natural killer cells , it stimulates your immune system to attack and destroy the multiple myeloma cells . empliciti is used to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . empliciti will be given to you together with lenalidomide and dexamethasone or together with pomalidomide and dexamethasone . multiple myeloma is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called plasma cells . these cells divide out of control and collect in the bone marrow . this results in damage to the bones and kidneys . empliciti is used if your cancer has not responded to , or has come back after certain treatments .
glivec is a medicine containing an active substance called imatinib . this medicine works by inhibiting the growth of abnormal cells in the diseases listed below . these include some types of cancer . glivec is a treatment for adults and children for : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cml ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . - philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ph - positive all ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . glivec is also a treatment for adults for : - myelodysplastic / myeloproliferative diseases ( mds / mpd ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named eosinophils ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( gist ). gist is a cancer of the stomach and bowels . it arises from uncontrolled cell growth of the supporting tissues of these organs . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( dfsp ). dfsp is a cancer of the tissue beneath the skin in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
mycamine contains the active substance micafungin . mycamine is called an antifungal medicine because it is used to treat infections caused by fungal cells . mycamine is used to treat fungal infections caused by fungal or yeast cells called candida . mycamine is effective in treating systemic infections ( those that have penetrated within the body ). it interferes with the production of a part of the fungal cell wall . an intact cell wall is necessary for the fungus to continue living and growing . mycamine causes defects in the fungal cell wall , making the fungus unable to live and grow . your doctor has prescribed mycamine for you in the following circumstances when there are no other suitable antifungal treatments available ( see section 2 ): to treat adults , adolescents and children including neonates who have a serious fungal infection called invasive candidiasis ( infection that has penetrated the body ). to treat adults and adolescents ≥ 16 years of age who have a fungal infection in the gullet ( oesophagus ) where treatment into a vein ( intravenous ) is appropriate . to prevent infection with candida in patients who are having a bone - marrow transplant or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for 10 days or more .
nevanac contains the active substance nepafenac , and belongs to a group of medicines called nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ). nevanac is to be used by adults : - to prevent and relieve eye pain and inflammation following cataract surgery on the eye - to reduce the risk of macular oedema ( swelling in the back of the eye ) following cataract surgery on the eye in diabetic patients .
quinsair contains an antibiotic medicine called levofloxacin . it belongs to the group of antibiotics called fluoroquinolones . quinsair is used to treat lung infections caused by pseudomonas aeruginosa in adults with cystic fibrosis . it is an antibiotic medicine that is breathed ( inhaled ) directly into the lungs where it kills the bacteria causing the infection . this helps to improve breathing in people with cystic fibrosis .
what onivyde pegylated liposomal is and how it works onivyde pegylated liposomal is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance irinotecan . this active substance is held in tiny lipid ( fatty ) particles called liposomes . irinotecan belongs to a group of cancer medicines called ' topoisomerase inhibitors '. it blocks an enzyme called topoisomerase i , which is involved in the division of cell dna . this prevents the cancer cells from multiplying and growing , and they eventually die . the liposomes are expected to accumulate within the tumour and release the medicine slowly over time , thereby allowing it to act for longer . what onivyde pegylated liposomal is used for onivyde pegylated liposomal is used to treat adult patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer ( cancer of the pancreas that has already spread elsewhere in the body ) whose previously cancer treatment included a medicine called gemcitabine . onivyde pegylated liposomal is used in combination with other cancer medicines , called 5 - fluorouracil and leucovorin . if you have any questions about how onivyde pegylated liposomal works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what steglatro is steglatro contains the active substance ertugliflozin . steglatro is a member of a group of medicines called sodium glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . what steglatro is used for steglatro lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . steglatro can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking steglatro . how steglatro works ertugliflozin works by blocking the sglt2 protein in your kidneys . this causes blood sugar to be removed in your urine . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
tybost contains the active substance cobicistat . tybost is used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus - 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection , the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is used in hiv - 1 infected adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older : weighing at least 35 kg ( when co - administered with atazanavir 300 mg ) or weighing at least 40 kg ( when co - administered with darunavir 800 mg ). tybost acts as a booster ( enhancer ) of atazanavir or darunavir ( both protease inhibitors ) to improve their effect ( see section 3 of this leaflet ). tybost does not directly treat your hiv , but boosts the levels of atazanavir and darunavir in the blood . it does this by slowing down the breakdown of atazanavir and darunavir which will make them stay in the body for longer .
insulin human winthrop rapid contains the active substance insulin human which is made by a biotechnology process and is identical with the body ' s own insulin . insulin human winthrop rapid is an insulin solution with a rapid onset and short duration of action . insulin human winthrop rapid is used to reduce high blood sugar in patients with diabetes mellitus who need treatment with insulin . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . insulin human winthrop rapid may also be used for treating hyperglycaemic coma ( coma caused by too much blood sugar ) and ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ) as well as for controlling blood sugar before , during and after surgery .
what isentress is isentress contains the active substance raltegravir . isentress is an antiviral medicine that works against the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ). this is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). how isentress works the virus produces an enzyme called hiv integrase . this helps the virus to multiply in the cells in your body . isentress stops this enzyme from working . when used with other medicines , isentress may reduce the amount of hiv in your blood ( this is called your " viral load ") and increase your cd4 - cell count ( a type of white blood cells that plays an important role in maintaining a healthy immune system to help fight infection ). reducing the amount of hiv in the blood may improve the functioning of your immune system . this means your body may fight infection better . when isentress should be used isentress is used to treat those who are infected by hiv . your doctor has prescribed isentress to help control your hiv infection .
fasturtec contains the active ingredient rasburicase . rasburicase is used to treat or prevent high blood levels of uric acid from occurring in adults , children and adolescents ( aged 0 to 17 years ) with disorders of the blood cells ( haematological diseases ) who are about to receive or are receiving chemotherapy treatment . when chemotherapy is given , cancer cells are destroyed , releasing large amounts of uric acid into the bloodstream . fasturtec works by allowing uric acid to more easily be removed from the body by the kidneys .
valdoxan contains the active ingredient agomelatine . it belongs to a group of medicines called antidepressants . you have been given valdoxan to treat your depression . valdoxan is used in adults . depression is a continuing disturbance of mood that interferes with everyday life . the symptoms of depression vary from one person to another , but often include deep sadness , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in favourite activities , sleep disturbances , feeling of being slowed down , feelings of anxiety , changes in weight . the expected benefits of valdoxan are to reduce and gradually remove the symptoms related to your depression .
veraseal contains human fibrinogen and human thrombin , two proteins extracted from the blood that form a clot when they are mixed together . veraseal is used as a sealant during surgical operations in adults . it is applied to the surface of bleeding tissue to reduce bleeding during and after the operation when standard surgical techniques are not sufficient .
imatinib actavis is a medicine containing an active substance called imatinib . this medicine works by inhibiting the growth of abnormal cells in the diseases listed below . these include some types of cancer . imatinib actavis is a treatment for : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cml ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . in adult patients , imatinib actavis is intended for use in the most advanced phase of the disease ( blast crisis ). in children and adolescents , imatinib actavis can be used in different phases of the disease ( chronic , accelerated phase and blast crisis ). - philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ph - positive all ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . imatinib actavis inhibits the growth of these cells . imatinib actavis is also a treatment for adults for : - myelodysplastic / myeloproliferative diseases ( mds / mpd ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . imatinib actavis inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named eosinophils ) start growing out of control . imatinib actavis inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( dfsp ). dfsp is a cancer of the tissue beneath the skin in which some cells start growing out of control . imatinib actavis inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how imatinib actavis works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the active substance in inbrija is levodopa . inbrija is a medicine used by inhalation for treating the worsening of your symptoms during the " off periods " of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease affects your movement and it is treated with a medicine that you take regularly . during off periods your usual medicine does not control the condition well enough and movement is likely to be more difficult . you should continue taking your main medicine for parkinson ' s disease and use inbrija to control worsening of symptoms ( such as inability to move ) during off periods .
stocrin , which contains the active substance efavirenz , belongs to a class of antiretroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection by reducing the amount of the virus in blood . it is used by adults , adolescents and children 3 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed stocrin for you because you have hiv infection . stocrin taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines reduces the amount of the virus in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
what ovitrelle is ovitrelle contains a medicine called ' choriogonadotropin alfa ', made in a laboratory by a special recombinant dna technique . choriogonadotropin alfa is similar to a hormone found naturally in your body called ' chorionic gonadotropin ', which is involved in reproduction and fertility . what ovitrelle is used for ovitrelle is used together with other medicines : to help develop and ripen several follicles ( each containing an egg ) in women undergoing assisted reproductive technologies ( procedure that may help you to become pregnant ) such as ' in vitro fertilisation '. other medicines will be given first to bring about the growth of several follicles . to help release an egg from the ovary ( ovulation induction ) in women who cannot produce eggs (' anovulation '), or women who produce too few eggs (' oligo - ovulation '). other medicines will be given first to develop and ripen the follicles .
inovelon contains a medicine called rufinamide . it belongs to a group of medicines called antiepileptics , which are used to treat epilepsy ( a condition where someone has seizures or fits ). inovelon is used with other medicines to treat seizures associated with lennox - gastaut syndrome in adults , adolescents and children from 1 year of age . lennox - gastaut syndrome is the name given to a group of severe epilepsies in which you may experience repeated seizures of various types . inovelon has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of your seizures or fits .
mektovi is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance binimetinib . it is used in adults in combination with another medicine containing encorafenib to treat a type of skin cancer called melanoma when it has a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene responsible for producing a protein called braf , and spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . mutations in the braf gene can produce proteins that cause the melanoma to grow . mektovi targets another protein called " mek " that stimulates cancer cell growth . when mektovi is used in combination with encorafenib ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
jyseleca contains the active substance filgotinib . it belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors , which help reduce inflammation . jyseleca is used to treat adults with rheumatoid arthritis , an inflammatory disease of the joints . it can be used if previous therapy did not work well enough , or was not tolerated . jyseleca can be used on its own , or together with another arthritis medicine , methotrexate . jyseleca reduces inflammation in your body . it helps to reduce pain , tiredness , stiffness and swelling in your joints , and it slows down damage to the bone and cartilage in the joints . these effects can help you to perform your normal daily activities , and improve your quality of life .
what beovu is beovu contains the active substance brolucizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . beovu is injected into the eye by your doctor to treat an eye disorder called neovascular ( wet ) age - related macular degeneration ( amd ). what beovu is used for beovu is used to treat neovascular wet amd in adults , which occurs when abnormal blood vessels form and grow underneath the macula . the macula , which is at the back of the eye , is responsible for clear vision . the abnormal blood vessels may leak fluid or blood into the eye and interfere with the macula ' s function , resulting in decreased vision . how beovu works a substance called vascular endothelial growth factor a ( vegf - a ) causes the growth of blood vessels in the eye . by attaching to vegf - a , beovu blocks its effect and so reduces the growth of abnormal blood vessels in amd , which in turn reduces the leakage of fluid or blood in the eye . beovu may slow down disease progression and thereby maintain , or even improve , your vision . abnormal blood vessels that leak fluid or blood into the macula 31
what azacitidine accord is azacitidine accord is an anti - cancer agent which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites '. azacitidine accord contains the active substance ' azacitidine '. what azacitidine accord is used for azacitidine accord is used in adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to treat : - higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). - chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia ( cmml ). - acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works by preventing cancer cells from growing . azacitidine becomes incorporated into the genetic material of cells ( ribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( dna )). it is thought to work by altering the way the cell turns genes on and off and also by interfering with the production of new rna and dna . these actions are thought to correct problems with the maturation and growth of young blood cells in the bone marrow that cause myelodysplastic disorders , and to kill cancerous cells in leukaemia . talk to your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
rapilysin contains the active substance reteplase ( a recombinant plasminogen activator ). it is a thrombolytic medicine used to dissolve blood clots that have formed in certain blood vessels and to restore the blood flow in these blocked vessels (= thrombolysis ). rapilysin is used after an acute myocardial infarction ( heart attack ) in order to dissolve the blood clot causing the heart attack . it is given within 12 hours after the onset of symptoms .
pheburane contains the active substance sodium phenylbutyrate which is used to treat patients of all ages with urea cycle disorders . these rare disorders are due to a deficiency of certain liver enzymes which are necessary to eliminate waste nitrogen in the form of ammonia . nitrogen is a building block of proteins , which are an essential part of the food we eat . as the body breaks down protein after eating , waste nitrogen , in the form of ammonia , accumulates because the body cannot eliminate it . ammonia is especially toxic for the brain and leads , in severe cases , to reduced levels of consciousness and to coma . pheburane helps the body to eliminate waste nitrogen , reducing the amount of ammonia in your body . however pheburane must be used along with a diet reduced in proteins , designed especially for you by the doctor and the dietician . you must follow this diet carefully .
revolade contains eltrombopag , which belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin receptor agonists . it is used to help increase the number of platelets in your blood . platelets are blood cells that help to reduce or prevent bleeding . revolade is used to treat a bleeding disorder called immune ( primary ) thrombocytopenia ( itp ) in patients aged 1 year and above who have already taken other medicines ( corticosteroids or immunoglobulins ), which have not worked . itp is caused by a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ). people with itp have an increased risk of bleeding . symptoms patients with itp may notice include petechiae ( pinpoint - sized flat round red spots under the skin ), bruising , nosebleeds , bleeding gums and not being able to control bleeding if they are cut or injured . revolade can also be used to treat low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) in adults with hepatitis c virus ( hcv ) infections , if they have had problems with side effects while on interferon treatment . many people with hepatitis c have low platelet counts , not only as a result of the disease , but also due to some of the antiviral medicines that are used to treat it . taking revolade may make it easier for you to complete a full course of antiviral medicine ( peginterferon and ribavirin ). revolade may also be used to treat adult patients with low blood counts caused by severe aplastic anaemia ( saa ). saa is a disease in which the bone marrow is damaged , causing a deficiency of the red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells ( leukopenia ) and platelets ( thrombocytopenia ).
what cinqaero is cinqaero is a medicine containing the active substance reslizumab , a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target substance in the body . how cinqaero works cinqaero blocks interleukin - 5 activity and reduces the number of eosinophils in your blood and lungs . eosinophils are white blood cells involved in asthma inflammation . interleukin - 5 is a protein your body makes that plays a key role in inflammation in asthma by activating eosinophils . what cinqaero is used for cinqaero is used to treat severe eosinophilic asthma in adult patients ( 18 years of age and over ) when the condition is not well controlled despite treatment with high - dose inhaled corticosteroids together with another asthma medicine . eosinophilic asthma is a type of asthma where patients have too many eosinophils in the blood or lungs . cinqaero is used together with other medicines to treat asthma ( inhaled corticosteroids plus other asthma medicines ). what are the benefits of using cinqaero cinqaero reduces how often you have flare - ups of your asthma , helps you breathe better and decreases your asthma symptoms .
xiapex is used for the treatment of two different conditions : dupuytren ' s contracture in adult patients with a palpable cord and peyronie ' s disease in adult men . dupuytren ' s contracture this is a disease that causes your finger ( s ) to bend inward . this bending is called a contracture and is caused by the abnormal formation of a cord containing collagen under your skin . for many people , a contracture causes significant difficulties with performing everyday tasks like driving , shaking hands , playing sports , opening jars , typing or holding objects . peyronie ' s disease this is a condition where adult men have a ' plaque ' that can be felt and a curve to their penis . the disease can cause a change in the shape of the erect penis due to the abnormal build - up of scar tissue , known as a plaque , within the stretchy fibres of the penis . the plaque may interfere with the ability to get a straight erection because the plaque will not stretch as much as the rest of the penis . men with peyronie ' s disease may have an erection that is curved or bent . the active substance in xiapex is collagenase clostridium histolyticum , and this collagenase is produced using the microorganism clostridium histolyticum . xiapex is injected by your doctor into the cord in your finger / hand or plaque in your penis and works by breaking down the collagen in the cord or plaque . for dupuytren ' s disease , xiapex breaks down the collagen forming the cord and thereby releasing the contracture completely or partly and enabling your finger ( s ) to be straighter . for peyronie ' s disease , xiapex breaks down the collagen in the plaque that is causing your erect penis to curve , which may help the previously bent erection to become straighter and enable you to feel less bothered by your disease . the reduction of the curve achieved will vary between individuals .
lumark is not a medicine and it is not intended to be used on its own . lumark is a so - called radiopharmaceutical precursor . it contains the active substance lutetium ( p177plu ) chloride . lumark is used for radiolabelling medicines , a technique in which medicines are tagged ( radiolabelled ) with a radioactive form of the element lutetium , known as lutetium ( p177plu ). these medicines can then be used in medical procedures to carry radioactivity to where it is needed in the body such as sites of tumour cells . lumark is only used to radiolabel medicines that have been specifically developed for use with the active substance lutetium ( p177plu ) chloride . the use of lutetium ( p177plu )- labelled medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark .
enviage belongs to a new class of medicines called renin inhibitors . enviage helps to lower high blood pressure . renin inhibitors reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can produce . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to tighten , which increases the blood pressure . reducing the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the brain , heart and kidneys , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders .
symtuza is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who weigh at least 40 kg . symtuza contains four active substances : darunavir , an anti - hiv medicine known as a protease inhibitor cobicistat , a booster ( enhancer ) of darunavir emtricitabine , an anti - hiv medicine known as a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor tenofovir alafenamide , an anti - hiv medicine known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor symtuza reduces hiv - 1 in your body and this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection but symtuza is not a cure for hiv infection .
beromun contains the active substance tasonermin ( tumor necrosis factor alfa - 1a ), produced by recombinant dna technology . it belongs to a class of medicines known as immunostimulants , which help your body ' s immune system fight cancer cells . beromun is used , together with melphalan containing medicine , for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma of the arms and legs . by reducing the size of the tumour , the treatment is intended to facilitate the removal of the tumor by surgery or to prevent severe damage to the surrounding healthy tissue and thus to delay or prevent the need for arm or leg amputation .
what is adrovance ? adrovance is a tablet containing the two active substances , alendronic acid ( commonly called alendronate ) and colecalciferol known as vitamin d3 . what is alendronate ? alendronate belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called bisphosphonates . alendronate prevents the loss of bone that occurs in women after they have been through the menopause , and helps to rebuild bone . it reduces the risk of spine and hip fractures . what is vitamin d ? vitamin d is an essential nutrient , required for calcium absorption and healthy bones . the body can only absorb calcium properly from our food if it has enough vitamin d . very few foods contain vitamin d . the main source is through exposure to summer sunlight , which makes vitamin d in our skin . as we get older our skin makes less vitamin d . too little vitamin d may lead to bone loss and osteoporosis . severe vitamin d deficiency may cause muscle weakness which can lead to falls and a greater risk of fractures . what is adrovance used for ? your doctor has prescribed adrovance to treat your osteoporosis and because you are at risk of vitamin d insufficiency . it reduces the risk of spine and hip fractures in women after menopause . what is osteoporosis ? osteoporosis is a thinning and weakening of the bones . it is common in women after the menopause . at the menopause , the ovaries stop producing the female hormone , oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , bone loss occurs and bones become weaker . the earlier a woman reaches the menopause , the greater the risk of osteoporosis . early on , osteoporosis usually has no symptoms . if left untreated , however , it can result in broken bones . although these usually hurt , breaks in the bones of the spine may go unnoticed until they cause height loss . broken bones can happen during normal , everyday activity , such as lifting , or from minor injury that would not generally break normal bone . broken bones usually occur at the hip , spine , or wrist and can lead not only to pain but also to considerable problems like stooped posture (' dowager ' s hump ') and loss of mobility . how can osteoporosis be treated ? as well as your treatment with adrovance , your doctor may suggest you make changes to your lifestyle to help your condition , such as : stopping smoking smoking appears to increase the rate at which you lose bone and , therefore , may increase your risk of broken bones . exercise like muscles , bones need exercise to stay strong and healthy . consult your doctor before you begin any exercise programme . eating a balanced diet your doctor can advise you about your diet or whether you should take any dietary supplements .
what deferasirox accord is deferasirox accord contains an active substance called deferasirox . it is an iron chelator which is a medicine used to remove the excess iron from the body ( also called iron overload ). it traps and removes excess iron which is then excreted mainly in the stools . what deferasirox accord is used for repeated blood transfusions may be necessary in patients with various types of anaemia ( for example thalassaemia , sickle cell disease or myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds )). however , repeated blood transfusions can cause a build - up of excess iron . this is because blood contains iron and your body does not have a natural way to remove the excess iron you get with your blood transfusions . in patients with non - transfusion - dependent thalassaemia syndromes , iron overload may also develop over time , mainly due to increased absorption of dietary iron in response to low blood cell counts . over time , the excess iron can damage important organs such as the liver and heart . medicines called iron chelators are used to remove the excess iron and reduce the risk of it causing organ damage . deferasirox accord is used to treat chronic iron overload caused by frequent blood transfusions in patients with beta thalassaemia major aged 6 years and older . deferasirox accord is also used to treat chronic iron overload when deferoxamine therapy is contraindicated or inadequate in patients with beta thalassaemia major with iron overload caused by infrequent blood transfusions , in patients with other types of anaemias , and in children aged 2 to 5 years . deferasirox accord is also used when deferoxamine therapy is contraindicated or inadequate to treat patients aged 10 years or older who have iron overload associated with their thalassaemia syndromes , but who are not transfusion dependent .
staquis contains the active substance crisaborole . staquis is used on the skin to control the symptoms of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis in adults and children from 2 years of age . atopic dermatitis , also called atopic eczema , causes skin inflammation , redness , itchiness , dryness , and thickening in people prone to allergies . the ointment should not be used on more than 40 % of your body surface area . crisaborole , the active substance in staquis , is thought to work by reducing inflammation and some effects of the immune system ( the body ' s defences ).
what rasitrio is rasitrio contains three active substances , called aliskiren , amlodipine and hydrochlorothiazide . all of these substances help to control high blood pressure ( hypertension ). aliskiren is a substance that belongs to a group of medicines called renin inhibitors . these reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can make . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to tighten , which raises blood pressure . lowering the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax ; this lowers blood pressure . amlodipine belongs to a group of medicines known as calcium channel blockers , which help to control high blood pressure . amlodipine causes blood vessels to dilate and relax ; this lowers blood pressure . hydrochlorothiazide belongs to a group of medicines called thiazide diuretics . hydrochlorothiazide increases urine output , which also lowers blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the brain , heart and kidneys , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders . what rasitrio is used for rasitrio is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients who have their blood pressure already controlled by aliskiren , amlodipine and hydrochlorothiazide taken as separate medicines given at the same time . these patients may thus benefit from taking one tablet containing all three substances . le ge mi dle t e r ik ke le ng er go dk jen t fo r s alg 193
envarsus contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your kidney or liver transplant , your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . envarsus is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given envarsus for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ when any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your transplantation . envarsus is used in adults .
dexmedetomidine accord contains an active substance called dexmedetomidine which belongs to a medicine group called sedatives . it is used to provide sedation ( a state of calm , drowsiness or sleep ) for adult patients in hospital intensive care settings or awake sedation during different diagnostic or surgical procedures .
qutenza contains capsaicin and belongs to a group of medicines called anaesthetics . qutenza is indicated for the treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain in adults either alone or in combination with other medicines for the treatment of pain . qutenza is used to relieve pain in people who have nerve pain due to damaged nerves in the skin . damaged nerves in your skin may occur as a result of a variety of diseases such as shingles , hiv infection , diabetes , certain medicines and other conditions . you may experience pain relief between 1 and 3 weeks after treatment .
vosevi is a medicine that contains the active substances sofosbuvir , velpatasvir and voxilaprevir in a single tablet . it is given to adults of 18 years and older to treat a chronic ( long - term ) viral infection of the liver called hepatitis c . the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking three different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , causing the infection to be eliminated from the body .
what skilarence is skilarence is a medicine that contains the active substance dimethyl fumarate . dimethyl fumarate works on cells of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it changes the activity of the immune system and reduces the production of substances involved in causing psoriasis . what skilarence is used for skilarence tablets are used to treat moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults . psoriasis is a disease causing thickened , inflamed , red areas on the skin , often covered by silvery scales . response to skilarence can be generally seen as early as week 3 and improves over time . experience with related products containing dimethyl fumarate shows treatment benefit for at least up to 24 months .
tesavel contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with certain other medicines ( insulin , metformin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
supemtek is a vaccine for adults who are 18 years of age and older . this vaccine helps to protect you against flu ( influenza ). supemtek is egg - free because of the technology used to produce it . how supemtek works when a person is given supemtek , the body ' s natural defence ( the immune system ) produces protection against the influenza virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , supemtek may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . when to have a flu vaccine flu can spread very fast . it is caused by different types of flu virus that can change every year . this is why you might need to be vaccinated every year . the greatest risk of catching flu is during the cold months between october and march . if you were not vaccinated in the autumn , it is still sensible to be vaccinated up until the spring since you run the risk of catching flu until then . your doctor will be able to recommend the best time to be vaccinated .
somavert is used for the treatment of acromegaly , a hormonal disorder resulting from the increased secretion of growth hormone ( gh ) and igf - i ( insulin - like growth factors ), which is characterised by overgrowth of bone , soft tissue swelling , heart disease and related disorders . the active substance in somavert , pegvisomant is known as a growth hormone receptor antagonist . these substances decrease the action of gh and levels of igf - i circulating in the blood .
xelevia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with certain other medicines ( insulin , metformin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
what xermelo is this medicine contains the active substance telotristat ethyl . what xermelo is used for this medicine is used in adults with a condition called ' carcinoid syndrome '. this is when a tumour , called a ' neuroendocrine tumour ', releases a substance called serotonin into your bloodstream . your doctor will prescribe this medicine if your diarrhoea is not well controlled with injections of other medicines called ' somatostatin analogues ' ( lanreotide or octreotide ). you should keep having injections of these other medicines when taking xermelo . how xermelo works when the tumour releases too much serotonin into your bloodstream you can get diarrhoea . this medicine works by reducing the amount of serotonin made by the tumour . it will reduce your diarrhoea .
docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel mylan has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of lung cancer , docetaxel could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , docetaxel is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , docetaxel is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , docetaxel is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
cuprior is a medicine used to treat wilson ' s disease that contains the active substance trientine . wilson ' s disease is an inherited condition in which the body cannot transport copper around the body in the normal way or remove copper in the normal way as a secretion from the liver into the gut . this means that the small amounts of copper from food and drink build up to excessive levels and can lead to liver damage and problems in the nervous system . this medicine mainly works by attaching to copper in the body which then allows it to be removed in the urine instead , helping to lower copper levels . it may also attach to copper in the gut and so reduce the amount taken up into the body . cuprior is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years and over who cannot tolerate another medicine that is used to treat this disease , called penicillamine .
glybera contains alipogene tiparvovec , a gene therapy product that works by delivering a gene into the body to correct a genetic deficiency . it belongs to a group of medicines called lipid modifying agents . glybera is used to treat a specific inherited condition known as " lipoprotein lipase deficiency ( lpld )". lipoprotein lipase ( lpl ) is a naturally occurring substance in the body ( known as an enzyme ) that controls the level of certain fats in the blood . in lipoprotein lipase deficiency , this enzyme is missing due to a genetic defect . people who are affected by this condition have a build up of very high fat levels in their blood ( hyperchylomicronemia ). glybera is used to treat adult patients diagnosed with lipoprotein lipase deficiency ( lpld ) and suffering from severe or multiple pancreatitis attacks despite dietary fat restrictions . the diagnosis of lpld has to be confirmed by genetic testing . glybera will only be given to you if you show detectable levels of lpl protein in your blood .
exforge tablets contain two substances called amlodipine and valsartan . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . amlodipine belongs to a group of substances called " calcium channel blockers ". amlodipine stops calcium from moving into the blood vessel wall which stops the blood vessels from tightening . valsartan belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is produced by the body and makes the blood vessels tighten , thus increasing the blood pressure . valsartan works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this means that both of these substances help to stop the blood vessels tightening . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . exforge is used to treat high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough with either amlodipine or valsartan on its own .
imatinib teva is a medicine containing an active substance called imatinib . this medicine works by inhibiting the growth of abnormal cells in the diseases listed below . these include some types of cancer . imatinib teva is a treatment for adults and children for : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cml ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . - philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ph - positive all ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . imatinib teva inhibits the growth of these cells . imatinib teva is also a treatment for adults for : - myelodysplastic / myeloproliferative diseases ( mds / mpd ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . imatinib teva inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named eosinophils ) start growing out of control . imatinib teva inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( dfsp ). dfsp is a cancer of the tissue beneath the skin in which some cells start growing out of control . imatinib teva inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how imatinib teva works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what desloratadine ratiopharm is desloratadine ratiopharm contains desloratadine which is an antihistamine . how desloratadine ratiopharm works desloratadine ratiopharm is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you drowsy . it helps control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . when desloratadine ratiopharm should be used desloratadine ratiopharm relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include sneezing , runny or itchy nose , itchy palate , and itchy , red or watery eyes . desloratadine ratiopharm is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with urticaria ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and hives . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
what hepcludex is hepcludex contains the active substance bulevirtide , which is an antiviral medicine . what hepcludex is used for hepcludex is used to treat long - term ( chronic ) hepatitis delta virus ( hdv ) infection in adults with compensated liver disease ( when the liver is still working well enough ). infection with hepatitis delta virus causes inflammation of the liver . how hepcludex works hdv uses a particular protein in liver cells to enter the cells . bulevirtide , the active substance in this medicine blocks the protein and so prevents the hdv from getting into liver cells . this reduces the spread of hdv in the liver and reduces inflammation .
pregabalin sandoz gmbh belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz gmbh is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz gmbh for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz gmbh in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz gmbh is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz gmbh is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
revatio contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . revatio brings down blood pressure in the lungs by widening the blood vessels in the lungs . revatio is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from 1 to 17 years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ).
pregabalin mylan pharma contains the active substance pregabalin which belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan pharma is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan pharma for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan pharma in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan pharma is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan pharma is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
elonva contains the active ingredient corifollitropin alfa and belongs to the group of medicines called gonadotropic hormones . gonadotropic hormones play an important role in human fertility and reproduction . one of these gonadotropic hormones is follicle stimulating hormone ( fsh ), which is needed in women for the growth and development of follicles ( small round sacs in your ovaries that contain the eggs ). elonva is used to help achieve pregnancy in women having infertility treatment , such as in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ). ivf involves collecting the eggs from the ovary , fertilising them in the laboratory , and transferring the embryos into the uterus a few days later . elonva causes the growth and development of several follicles at the same time by a controlled stimulation of the ovaries .
what mayzent is mayzent contains the active substance siponimod . siponimod belongs to a group of medicines called sphingosine - 1 - phosphate ( s1p ) receptor modulators . what mayzent is used for mayzent is used to treat adults with secondary progressive multiple sclerosis ( spms ) with active disease . active disease in spms is when there are still relapses or when mri ( magnetic resonance imaging ) results show signs of inflammation . how mayzent works mayzent helps to protect the central nervous system ( cns ) from attacks by the body ' s own immune system . it does this by : - making some white blood cells ( called lymphocytes ) less able to move freely within the body , and - stopping these cells from reaching the brain and spinal cord . this reduces nerve damage caused by spms and as a result mayzent helps to slow down the effects of the disease activity ( such as worsening disability , brain lesions and relapses ).
talmanco contains the active substance tadalafil . talmanco is a treatment for pulmonary arterial hypertension in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors which work by helping the blood vessels around your lungs relax , improving the flow of blood into your lungs . the result of this is an improved ability to do physical activity .
ibrance is an anticancer medicine containing the active substance palbociclib . palbociclib works by blocking proteins called cyclin - dependent kinase 4 and 6 , which regulate cell growth and division . blocking these proteins can slow down growth of cancer cells and delay the progression of your cancer . ibrance is used to treat patients with certain types of breast cancer ( hormone receptor - positive , human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative ) which have spread beyond the original tumour and / or to other organs . it is given together with aromatase inhibitors or fulvestrant , which are used as hormonal anticancer therapies .
telzir is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . telzir is a type of medicine known as an anti - retroviral . it is taken with low doses of another medicine , ritonavir , which boosts the level of telzir in the blood . telzir belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called protease inhibitors . protease is an enzyme produced by hiv which enables the virus to multiply in white blood cells ( cd4 cells ) in your blood . by stopping protease from working , telzir stops hiv multiplying and infecting more cd4 cells . telzir with low doses of ritonavir is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines (' combination therapy ') to treat adults , adolescents and children aged over 6 years infected with hiv . hiv can become resistant to anti - hiv medicines . to avoid this happening , and to stop your illness getting worse , it is very important that you keep taking all your medicines exactly as prescribed . telzir will not stop you passing on hiv . hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who ' s got the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example by sharing needles ).
temodal contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temodal is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
adcetris contains the active substance brentuximab vedotin , an anti - cancer agent , which is made up of a monoclonal antibody linked to a substance intended to kill cancer cells . this substance is delivered to cancer cells by the monoclonal antibody . a monoclonal antibody is a protein which recognises certain cancer cells . hodgkin lymphoma , systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma and cutaneous t - cell lymphoma are types of cancer of the white blood cells . classical hodgkin lymphoma expresses specific proteins on the cell surface that are different from non - classical hodgkin lymphoma . adcetris is used to treat patients with advanced classical hodgkin lymphoma who have not had treatment before . adcetris will be given to you together with doxorubicin , vinblastine and dacarbazine which are other chemotherapy medicines used to treat hodgkin lymphoma . adcetris is used alone to lower the likelihood of classical hodgkin lymphoma coming back after an autologous stem cell transplant in patients with certain risk factors . adcetris is also used alone to treat classical hodgkin lymphoma that has : - come back after or not responded to an infusion of your own healthy stem cells into your body ( autologous stem cell transplant ), or - come back after or never responded to at least two previous therapies , and where you cannot receive additional combination anti - cancer treatments or have an autologous stem cell transplant . systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma is a type of non - hodgkin lymphoma found in your lymph nodes and / or throughout other parts of your body . adcetris is used to treat patients with systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma who have not had treatment before . adcetris will be given to you together with cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone which are other chemotherapy medicines used to treat these conditions . adcetris is also used to treat systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma that has : - not responded to other types of anti - cancer treatments , or - come back after previous anti - cancer treatment . cutaneous t - cell lymphoma is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a ' t - cell ' that mainly affects the skin . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma where a specific type of protein is present on the cells ' surface . adcetris is used to treat cutaneous t - cell lymphoma in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance of rivastigmine 1 a pharma is rivastigmine . rivastigmine 1 a pharma belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine 1 a pharma allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine 1 a pharma is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
hycamtin helps to destroy tumours . a doctor or a nurse will give you the medicine as an infusion into a vein in hospital . hycamtin is used to treat : ovarian cancer or small cell lung cancer that has come back after chemotherapy . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy treatment is not possible . when treating cervical cancer , hycamtin is combined with another medicine called cisplatin . your doctor will decide with you whether hycamtin therapy is better than further treatment with your initial chemotherapy .
viraferon ( interferon alfa - 2b ) modifies the response of the body ' s immune system to help fight infections and severe diseases . viraferon is used in adult patients for the treatment of chronic hepatitis b or c , which are viral infections of the liver . viraferon is used in combination with ribavirin in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c .
rxulti contains the active substance brexpiprazole , which belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat schizophrenia in adult patients - a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things - which are not there , suspiciousness , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . rxulti can help to keep the symptoms under control and to prevent relapse as you continue treatment .
oxervate contains the active ingredient cenegermin . cenegermin is a type of nerve growth factor ( a human protein ) which is naturally present on the eye surface . oxervate is used to treat adults with moderate or severe ' neurotrophic keratitis '. this is a disease affecting the cornea ( the transparent layer in the front part of the eye ) which causes defects on the outer surface of the cornea that do not heal naturally or corneal ulcers . oxervate is intended to allow the healing of the cornea .
what libmeldy is libmeldy is a type of medicine called gene therapy . it is made specially for your child from your child ' s own bone marrow or blood cells . what libmeldy is used for libmeldy is used to treat a serious condition called metachromatic leukodystrophy ( mld ): - in children with the ' late infantile ' or ' early juvenile ' forms of the disease who have not yet developed any signs or symptoms , - in children with the ' early juvenile ' form of the disease who have started developing symptoms but whose symptoms are not yet worsening rapidly . people with mld have a fault in the gene to make an enzyme called arylsulfatase a ( arsa ). this leads to a build - up of substances called sulfatides in the brain and nervous system , causing damage to the nervous system and progressive loss of physical skills and , later , mental ability , ultimately leading to death . how does libmeldy work ? cells called stem cells are collected from your child ' s bone marrow or blood . they are then modified in a laboratory to insert a working gene for making arsa . when your child is given libmeldy , which is made up of these modified cells , the cells will start making arsa to break down the sulfatides in the nerve cells and other cells of your child ' s body . this is expected to slow down the progression of the disease and improve your child ' s quality of life . libmeldy is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ). for more information on what happens before and during treatment , see section 3 , how libmeldy is given . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s doctor .
byetta contains the active substance exenatide . it is an injectable medicine used to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus . byetta is used with other diabetic medicines called metformin , sulphonylureas , thiazolidinediones and basal or long acting insulins . your doctor is now prescribing byetta as an additional medicine to help control your blood sugar . continue to follow your food and exercise plan . you have diabetes because your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood or if your body is not able to use the insulin properly . the medicine in byetta helps your body to increase the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high .
what zepatier is zepatier is an antiviral medicine that contains the active substances elbasvir and grazoprevir . what zepatier is used for zepatier is used to treat long - term hepatitis c infection in adults aged 18 years and older . how zepatier works hepatitis c is a virus that infects the liver . the active substances in the medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce . this allows the infection to be permanently removed from the body . zepatier is sometimes taken with another medicine , ribavirin . it is very important that you also read the leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with zepatier . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
erelzi is a medicine that is made from two human proteins . it blocks the activity of another protein in the body that causes inflammation . erelzi works by reducing the inflammation associated with certain diseases . in adults ( aged 18 and over ), erelzi can be used for moderate or severe rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , severe axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis , and moderate or severe psoriasis in each case usually when other widely used treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . for rheumatoid arthritis , erelzi is usually used in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , erelzi can slow down the damage to your joints caused by the rheumatoid arthritis and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . for psoriatic arthritis patients with multiple joint involvement , erelzi can improve your ability to do normal daily activities . for patients with multiple symmetrical painful or swollen joints ( e . g ., hands , wrists and feet ), erelzi can slow down the structural damage to those joints caused by the disease . erelzi is also prescribed for the treatment of the following diseases in children and adolescents : for the following types of juvenile idiopathic arthritis when treatment with methotrexate has not worked well enough or is not suitable for them : polyarthritis ( rheumatoid factor positive or negative ) and extended oligoarthritis in patients from the age of 2 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more . psoriatic arthritis in patients from the age of 12 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more . for enthesitis - related arthritis in patients from the age of 12 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more when other widely used treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . severe psoriasis in patients from the age of 6 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more who have had an inadequate response to ( or are unable to take ) phototherapies or other systemic therapies .
the active substance in cubicin powder for solution for injection or infusion is daptomycin . daptomycin is an antibacterial that can stop the growth of certain bacteria . cubicin is used in adults and in children and adolescents ( age from 1 to 17 years ) to treat infections of the skin and the tissues below the skin . it is also used to treat infections in the blood when associated with skin infection . cubicin is also used in adults to treat infections in the tissues that line the inside of the heart ( including heart valves ) which are caused by a type of bacteria called staphylococcus aureus . it is also used to treat infections in the blood caused by the same type of bacteria when associated with heart infection . depending on the type of infection ( s ) that you have , your doctor may also prescribe other antibacterials while you are receiving treatment with cubicin .
- increlex is a liquid that contains mecasermin which is a man - made insulin - like growth factor - 1 ( igf - 1 ), which is similar to the igf - 1 made by your body . - it is used to treat children and adolescents from 2 to 18 years old who are very short for their age because their bodies do not make enough igf - 1 . this condition is called primary igf - 1 deficiency .
kuvan contains the active substance sapropterin which is a synthetic copy of a body ' s own substance called tetrahydrobiopterin ( bh4 ). bh4 is required by the body to use an amino acid called phenylalanine in order to build another amino acid called tyrosine . kuvan is used to treat hyperphenylalaninaemia ( hpa ) or phenylketonuria ( pku ) in patients of all ages . hpa and pku are due to abnormally high levels of phenylalanine in the blood which can be harmful . kuvan reduces these levels in some patients who respond to bh4 and can help increase the amount of phenylalanine that can be included in the diet . this medicine is also used to treat an inherited disease called bh4 deficiency in patients of all ages , in which the body cannot produce enough bh4 . because of very low bh4 levels phenylalanine is not used properly and its levels rise , resulting in harmful effects . by replacing the bh4 that the body cannot produce , kuvan reduces the harmful excess of phenylalanine in the blood and increases the dietary tolerance to phenylalanine .
actos contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . actos helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether actos is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . actos may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , sulphonylurea or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
ebixa contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . it belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . ebixa belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . ebixa acts on these nmda - receptors improving the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . ebixa is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
clopidogrel teva pharma b . v contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called " platelet aggregation inhibitors ." it works by stopping certain particles in your blood (" platelets ") from sticking together to form blood clots which can block blood flow to important parts of your body including your heart and your brain . if you suffer from hardening of the arteries (" atherosclerosis ") there is an increased risk of a blood clot forming in your blood vessels . in adults clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . reduces the risk of blood clots forming which in turn reduces the risk of serious conditions such as heart attack and stroke from occurring . you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . because : you have hardening of the arteries and have recently suffered from a heart attack , a stroke or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( diseases of the blood vessels except those in the brain and heart ). you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
ziagen is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . ziagen contains the active ingredient abacavir . abacavir belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). ziagen does not completely cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . it also increases the cd4 cell count in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with ziagen in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
xenical is a medicine used to treat obesity . it works in your digestive system to block about one - third of the fat in the food you eat from being digested . xenical attaches to the enzymes in your digestive system ( lipases ) and blocks them from breaking down some of the fat you have eaten during your meal . the undigested fat cannot be absorbed and is eliminated by your body . xenical is indicated in the treatment of obesity in conjunction with a low calorie intake diet .
viramune belongs to a group of medicines called antiretrovirals , used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . the active substance of your medicine is called nevirapine . nevirapine belongs to a class of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). reverse transcriptase is an enzyme that hiv needs in order to multiply . nevirapine stops reverse transcriptase from working . by stopping reverse transcriptase from working , viramune helps control hiv - 1 infection . viramune is indicated for the treatment of hiv - 1 infected adults , adolescents , and children of any age . you must take viramune together with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will recommend the best medicines for you . if viramune has been prescribed for your child , please note that all information in this leaflet is addressed to your child ( in this case please read " your child " instead of " you ").
what thalidomide celgene is thalidomide celgene contains an active substance called thalidomide . this belongs to a group of medicines which affect how your immune system works . what thalidomide celgene is used for thalidomide celgene is used with two other medicines called ' melphalan ' and ' prednisone ' to treat adults with a type of cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used in people who have recently been diagnosed and who have not been prescribed another medicine for their multiple myeloma before who are aged 65 years and over , or aged less than 65 years who cannot be treated with high dose chemotherapy , which can be very difficult for the body to handle . what is multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a type of cancer which affects a certain type of white blood cell , called the plasma cell . these cells collect in the bone marrow and divide out of control . this can damage the bone and kidneys . multiple myeloma generally cannot be cured . however , the signs and symptoms can be greatly reduced or disappear for a period of time . this is called a ' remission '. how thalidomide celgene works thalidomide celgene works by helping the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . it works in a number of different ways : by stopping the cancer cells developing by stopping blood vessels growing in the cancer by stimulating part of the immune system to attack the cancer cells .
equidacent contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented by blocking the growth of the blood vessels which provide the nutrients and oxygen to the tumour . advanced cancer in the large bowel equidacent is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced cancer in the large bowel , i . e ., in the colon or rectum . equidacent will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine medicine . breast cancer which has spread ( metastatic ) equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic breast cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called paclitaxel or capecitabine . advanced non - small cell lung cancer equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . equidacent will be administered together with a chemotherapy regimen containing platinum . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when cancer cells have specific mutations of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). equidacent will be administered in combination with erlotinib . advanced kidney cancer equidacent is also used for treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . when used for patients with kidney cancer , it will be administered with another type of medicine called interferon . advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with carboplatin and gemcitabine or with carboplatin and paclitaxel . cervical cancer which does not go away , comes back or has spread equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with persistent , recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer . equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and cisplatin or , alternatively , paclitaxel and topotecan in patients who cannot receive platinum therapy .
emend contains the active substance aprepitant and belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin 1 ( nk1 ) receptor antagonists " ( antiemetics and antinauseants ). the brain has a specific area that controls nausea and vomiting . emend works by blocking signals to that area and is used to prevent nausea and vomiting after surgery in adults .
tivicay contains the active ingredient dolutegravir . dolutegravir belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called integrase inhibitors ( inis ). tivicay is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children of at least 6 years of age or older , and who weigh at least 14 kg . tivicay does not cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . as a result of that , it also increases the cd4 cell count in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with tivicay in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . tivicay is always used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines ( combination therapy ). to control your hiv infection , and to stop your illness from getting worse , you must keep taking all your medicines , unless your doctor tells you to stop taking any .
the medicine contains an active substance called macimorelin . macimorelin acts like a natural hormone and causes the pituitary gland to release growth hormone into the blood stream . macimorelin aeterna zentaris is used in adults to test the body ´ s ability to produce growth hormone . it is used when your doctor thinks that you may not have enough growth hormone ( adult growth hormone deficiency ). this is not a treatment for patients who do not have enough growth hormone . it is a test that helps your doctor to diagnose this condition .
duoresp spiromax contains two different active substances : budesonide and formoterol fumarate dihydrate . budesonide belongs to a group of medicines called ' corticosteroids ' also known as ' steroids '. it works by reducing and preventing swelling and inflammation in your lungs and helps you to breathe more easily . formoterol fumarate dihydrate belongs to a group of medicines called ' long - acting β2 adrenoceptor agonists ' or ' bronchodilators '. it works by relaxing the muscles in your airways . this will help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . duoresp spiromax is indicated for use in adults 18 years of age and older only . duoresp spiromax is not indicated for use in children 12 years of age and younger or adolescents 13 to 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). asthma duoresp spiromax can be prescribed for asthma in two different ways . a ) you may be prescribed two asthma inhalers : duoresp spiromax together with a separate ' reliever inhaler ' such as salbutamol . use duoresp spiromax every day . this helps to prevent asthma symptoms such as breathlessness and wheezing from occurring . use the ' reliever inhaler ' when you get asthma symptoms , to make it easier to breathe again . b ) you may be prescribed duoresp spiromax as your only asthma inhaler . use duoresp spiromax every day . this helps to prevent asthma symptoms such as breathlessness and wheezing from occurring . use duoresp spiromax when you need to take extra inhalations or puffs for relief of asthma symptoms , to make it easier to breathe again and if agreed with the doctor also to prevent asthma symptoms from happening ( for example , when exercising or on exposure to allergens ). they do not need a separate inhaler for this . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . symptoms include shortness of breath , cough , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults .
comtess tablets contain entacapone and are used together with levodopa to treat parkinson ' s disease . comtess aids levodopa in relieving the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . comtess has no effect on relieving the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease unless taken with levodopa .
translarna is a medicine that contains the active substance ataluren . translarna is used to treat duchenne muscular dystrophy resulting from a specific genetic defect that affects normal muscle function . translarna is used to treat patients aged 2 years and older , who are able to walk . you or your child will have been tested by your doctor before starting treatment with translarna , in order to confirm that your disease is suitable for treatment with this medicine . how does translarna work ? duchenne muscular dystrophy is caused by genetic changes that result in an abnormality in a muscle protein called dystrophin which is needed for muscles to work properly . translarna enables the production of working dystrophin and helps muscles work properly .
xgeva contains denosumab , a protein ( monoclonal antibody ) that works to slow down bone destruction caused by cancer spreading to the bone ( bone metastasis ) or by giant cell tumour of bone . xgeva is used in adults with advanced cancer to prevent serious complications caused by bone metastasis ( e . g . fracture , pressure on the spinal cord or the need to receive radiation therapy or surgery ). xgeva is also used to treat giant cell tumour of bone , which cannot be treated by surgery or where surgery is not the best option , in adults and adolescents whose bones have stopped growing .
granpidam contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . granpidam brings down blood pressure in the lungs by widening the blood vessels in the lungs . granpidam is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from 1 to 17 years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ).
lamzede contains the active substance velmanase alfa which belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement therapies . it is used to treat patients with mild to moderate alpha - mannosidosis disease . it is given for the treatment of non - neurological symptoms of the disease . alpha - mannosidosis disease is a rare genetic disorder caused by a lack of an enzyme named alpha - mannosidase , which is needed to break down certain sugar compounds ( called ' mannose - rich oligosaccharides ') in the body . when this enzyme is missing or does not work properly , these sugar compounds build up inside cells and cause the signs and symptoms of the disease . the typical manifestations of the disease include distinctive facial features , mental retardation , difficulty in controlling movements , difficulties in hearing and speaking , frequent infections , skeletal problems , muscle pain and weakness . velmanase alfa is designed to replace the missing enzyme in patients with alpha - mannosidosis disease . this may improve the symptoms of the disease .
what tasigna is tasigna is a medicine containing an active substance called nilotinib . what tasigna is used for tasigna is used to treat a type of leukaemia called philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukaemia ( ph - positive cml ). cml is a cancer of the blood which makes the body produce too many abnormal white blood cells . tasigna is used in adult and paediatric patients with newly diagnosed cml or in patients with cml who are no longer benefiting from previous treatment including imatinib . it is also used in adult and paediatric patients who experienced serious side effects with previous treatment and are not able to continue taking it . how tasigna works in patients with cml , a change in dna ( genetic material ) triggers a signal that tells the body to produce abnormal white blood cells . tasigna blocks this signal , and thus stops the production of these cells . monitoring during tasigna treatment regular tests , including blood tests , will be performed during treatment . these tests will monitor : - the amount of blood cells ( white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets ) in the body to see how tasigna is tolerated . - pancreas and liver function in the body to see how tasigna is tolerated . - the electrolytes in the body ( potassium , magnesium ). these are important in the functioning of the heart . - the level of sugar and fats in the blood . the heart rate will also be checked using a machine that measures electrical activity of the heart ( a test called an " ecg "). your doctor will regularly evaluate your treatment and decide whether you should continue to take tasigna . if you are told to discontinue this medicine , your doctor will continue to monitor your cml and may tell you to re - start tasigna if your condition indicates that this is necessary . if you have any questions about how tasigna works or why it has been prescribed for you or your child , ask your doctor .
quadramet is a medicinal product for therapeutic use only . this radiopharmaceutical is used for the treatment of bone pain due to your disease . quadramet has a high affinity for skeletal tissue . once injected it concentrates in bone lesions . because quadramet contains small amounts of a radioactive element , samarium - 153 , radiations are delivered locally to the bone lesions , allowing to develop the palliative action on bone pain .
glustin contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . glustin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether glustin is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . glustin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , sulphonylurea or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
kengrexal is an anti - platelet medicine that contains the active substance cangrelor . platelets are very small cells in the blood that can clump together and help the blood to clot . sometimes clots can form within a damaged blood vessel such as in an artery in the heart and this can be very dangerous as the clot can cut off the blood supply ( a thrombotic event ), causing a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ). kengrexal diminishes the clumping of platelets and so reduces the chance of a blood clot forming . you have been prescribed kengrexal because you have blocked blood vessels in your heart ( coronary artery disease ) and you need a procedure ( called a percutaneous coronary intervention pci ) to remove the blockage . during this procedure you may have a stent inserted in your blood vessel to help to keep it open . using kengrexal reduces the risk that this procedure will cause a clot to form and block the blood vessels again . kengrexal is only for use in adults .
the active ingredient in besponsa is inotuzumab ozogamicin . this belongs to a group of medicines that target cancer cells . these medicines are called antineoplastic agents . besponsa is used to treat adults with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a cancer of blood where you have too many white blood cells . besponsa is intended for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukaemia for adult patients who have previously tried other treatments and for whom those treatments have failed . besponsa acts by attaching to cells with a protein called cd22 . lymphoblastic leukaemia cells have this protein . once attached to the lymphoblastic leukaemia cells , the medicine delivers a substance into the cells that interferes with the cells ' dna and eventually kills them .
how does memantine ratiopharm work memantine ratiopharm contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . it belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . memantine ratiopharm belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . memantine ratiopharm acts on these nmda - receptors improving the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . what is memantine ratiopharm used for memantine ratiopharm is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
vemlidy contains the active substance tenofovir alafenamide . this is an antiviral medicine , known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). vemlidy is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . hepatitis b is an infection affecting the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . in patients with hepatitis b , vemlidy controls the infection by stopping the virus from multiplying .
raxone contains a substance called idebenone . idebenone is used to treat vision impairment in adults and adolescents with an eye disease called leber ' s hereditary optic neuropathy ( lhon ). - this eye problem is inherited this means it runs in families . - it is caused by a problem with your genes ( called a " genetic mutation ") that affects the ability of cells in the eye to produce the energy they need to work normally , so they become inactive . - lhon can lead to loss of eyesight due to the inactivity of cells responsible for vision . treatment with raxone can restore the ability of cells to produce energy and so allow inactive eye cells to work again . this can lead to some improvement in lost eyesight .
numient contains two different medicines called levodopa and carbidopa in one hard capsule . - levodopa turns into a material called ' dopamine ' in your brain . the dopamine helps to improve the symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease . - carbidopa belongs to a group of medicines called ' aromatic amino acid decarboxylase inhibitors '. it helps levodopa work more effectively by slowing the speed at which levodopa is broken down in your body . numient is used to improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults .
thymanax contains the active ingredient agomelatine . it belongs to a group of medicines called antidepressants . you have been given thymanax to treat your depression . thymanax is used in adults . depression is a continuing disturbance of mood that interferes with everyday life . the symptoms of depression vary from one person to another , but often include deep sadness , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in favourite activities , sleep disturbances , feeling of being slowed down , feelings of anxiety , changes in weight . the expected benefits of thymanax are to reduce and gradually remove the symptoms related to your depression .
olanzapine teva contains the active substance olanzapine . olanzapine teva belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : - schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . - moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . olanzapine teva has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
lyrica belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : lyrica is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : lyrica is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe lyrica for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take lyrica in addition to your current treatment . lyrica is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : lyrica is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
exforge hct tablets contain three substances called amlodipine , valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide . all of these substances help to control high blood pressure . amlodipine belongs to a group of substances called " calcium channel blockers ". amlodipine stops calcium from moving into the blood vessel wall , which stops the blood vessels from tightening . valsartan belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is produced by the body and makes the blood vessels tighten , thus increasing the blood pressure . valsartan works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . hydrochlorothiazide belongs to a group of substances called " thiazide diuretics ". hydrochlorothiazide increases urine output , which also lowers blood pressure . as a result of all three mechanisms , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . exforge hct is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is already controlled while taking amlodipine , valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide and who may benefit from taking one tablet containing all three substances .
the active substance of exelon is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , exelon allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . exelon is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
what biograstim is biograstim contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more blood cells , especially certain types of white cells . white cells are important as they help your body fight infection . what biograstim is used for your doctor has prescribed biograstim for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with biograstim . biograstim is useful in several different conditions , which are : - chemotherapy ; - bone marrow transplantation ; - severe chronic neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ); - neutropenia in patients with hiv infection ; - peripheral blood stem cell mobilisation ( for blood stem cell donation ).
synflorix is a pneumococcal conjugate vaccine . your doctor or nurse will inject your child with this vaccine . it is used to help protect your child from 6 weeks up to 5 years of age against : a bacteria called ' streptococcus pneumoniae '. this bacteria can cause serious illnesses including meningitis , sepsis and bacteraemia ( bacteria in blood stream ) as well as ear infection or pneumonia . how synflorix works synflorix helps your body to make its own antibodies . the antibodies form a part of the immune system that will protect your child against these diseases .
what vantobra is vantobra contains an antibiotic medicine called tobramycin . it belongs to a class of antibiotic medicines called aminoglycosides . what vantobra is used for vantobra is used in patients with cystic fibrosis aged 6 years and older to treat lung infections caused by bacteria named pseudomonas aeruginosa . pseudomonas aeruginosa is a bacterium that frequently infects the lungs of cystic fibrosis patients at some time during their lives . if the infection is not properly treated , it continues to damage the lungs , causing further problems with breathing . how vantobra works when you inhale vantobra , the antibiotic can enter directly into your lungs to fight the bacteria causing the infection . it works by disrupting the production of proteins that the bacteria need to build their cell walls . this damages the bacteria and eventually kills them .
what nilemdo is and how it works nilemdo is a medicine that lowers levels of ' bad ' cholesterol ( also called " ldl - cholesterol "), a type of fat , in the blood . nilemdo contains the active substance bempedoic acid , which is inactive until it enters the liver where it is changed to its active form . bempedoic acid decreases the production of cholesterol in the liver and increases the removal of ldl - cholesterol from the blood by blocking an enzyme ( atp citrate lyase ) needed for the production of cholesterol . what nilemdo is used for nilemdo is given to adults with primary hypercholesterolaemia or mixed dyslipidaemia , which are conditions that cause a high cholesterol level in the blood . it is given in addition to a cholesterol - lowering diet . nilemdo is given : if you have been using a statin ( such as simvastatin , a commonly used medicine that treats high cholesterol ) and this does not lower your ldl - cholesterol sufficiently ; alone or together with other cholesterol - lowering medicines when statins are not tolerated or cannot be used .
udenyca contains the active substance pegfilgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli followed by conjugation with polyethylene glycol ( peg ) it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines . the protein part is very similar to a natural protein produced by your own body . the medicinal product is used to reduce the duration of low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) and the occurrence of low white blood cell count with a fever ( febrile neutropenia ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you udenyca to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
ribavirin teva contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of many types of viruses , including hepatitis c virus . this medicine must not be used without interferon alfa - 2b , i . e . ribavirin teva must not be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin teva with interferon alfa - 2b is used to treat patients 3 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents weighing less than 47 kg a solution formulation is available . previously treated adult patients : the combination of ribavirin teva with interferon alfa - 2b is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with pegylated or other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kalydeco contains the active ingredient ivacaftor . ivacaftor acts at the level of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator ( cftr ), a protein that forms a channel at the cell surface that allows the movement of particles such as chloride in and out of the cell . due to mutations in the cftr gene ( see below ), chloride movement is reduced in those with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). ivacaftor helps certain abnormal cftr proteins open more often to improve chloride movement in and out of the cell . kalydeco tablets are indicated : as monotherapy for patients aged 6 years and older and weighing 25 kg or more with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) who have an r117h cftr mutation or one of the following gating mutations in the cftr gene : g551d , g1244e , g1349d , g178r , g551s , s1251n , s1255p , s549n or s549r . in combination with tezacaftor / ivacaftor tablets for patients aged 6 years and older with cf who have two f508del mutations in the cftr gene ( homozygous for the f508del mutation ) or who have an f508del mutation and certain other second mutations that result in reduced amount and / or function of the cftr protein ( heterozygous for the f508del mutation with a residual function ( rf ) mutation ). if you have been prescribed kalydeco to be taken with tezacaftor / ivacaftor , read the package leaflet of the latter . it contains important information about how to take these two medicines . in combination with ivacaftor / tezacaftor / elexacaftor tablets for patients aged 12 years and over with cf who are homozygous for the f508del mutation in the cftr gene or heterozygous for f508del in the cftr gene with a minimal function ( mf ) mutation . a minimal function mutation is defined as one that results either in no cftr protein being produced or a cftr protein that does not function , and which is unlikely to respond to ivacaftor alone and tezacaftor / ivacaftor . if you have been prescribed kalydeco to be taken with ivacaftor / tezacaftor / elexacaftor , read the package leaflet of the latter . it contains important information about how to take these two medicines .
ledaga contains the active substance chlormethine . this is an anti - cancer medicine used on the skin to treat mycosis fungoides - type cutaneous t - cell lymphoma ( mf - type ctcl ). mf - type ctcl is a condition in which certain cells of the body ' s immune system called t - lymphocytes become cancerous and affect the skin . chlormethine is a type of anti - cancer medicine called an ' alkylating agent '. it attaches to the dna of dividing cells , like cancer cells , which stops them from multiplying and growing . ledaga is for use in adults only .
iscover contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). iscover is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed iscover to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of iscover and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed iscover plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
olanzapine mylan contains the active substance olanzapine . olanzapine belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . olanzapine mylan has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
posaconazole sp belongs to a group of medicines called triazole antifungal agents . these medicines are used to prevent and treat a wide variety of fungal infections . posaconazole sp works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of fungi that can cause infections in humans . posaconazole sp can be used to treat the following types of fungal infections in adults : - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines amphotericin b or itraconazole or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the fusarium family that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that cause the conditions known as chromoblastomycosis and mycetoma that have not improved during treatment with itraconazole or when itraconazole has had to be stopped ; - infections due to fungi called coccidioides that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , itraconazole or fluconazole or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections in the mouth or throat area ( known as " thrush ") caused by fungi called candida , which are initial infections . posaconazole sp can be used to prevent fungal infections in patients whose immune systems may be weakened due to other medicines or diseases .
celvapan is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 2009 virus when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defense system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
what lucentis is lucentis is a solution which is injected into the eye . lucentis belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . it contains the active substance called ranibizumab . what lucentis is used for lucentis is used in adults to treat several eye diseases causing vision impairment . these diseases result from damage to the retina ( light - sensitive layer at the back of the eye ) caused by : - growth of leaky , abnormal blood vessels . this is observed in diseases such as age - related macular degeneration ( amd ) and proliferative diabetic retinopathy ( pdr , a disease caused by diabetes ). it may also be associated with choroidal neovascularisation ( cnv ) due to pathologic myopia ( pm ), angioid streaks , central serous chorioretinopathy or inflammatory cnv . - macular oedema ( swelling of the centre of the retina ). this swelling can be caused by diabetes ( a disease called diabetic macular oedema ( dme )) or by the blockage of retinal veins of the retina ( a disease called retinal vein occlusion ( rvo )). how lucentis works lucentis specifically recognises and binds to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor a ( vegf - a ) present in the eye . in excess , vegf - a causes abnormal blood vessel growth and swelling in the eye which can lead to impairment of vision in diseases like amd , dme , pdr , rvo , pm and cnv . by binding to vegf - a , lucentis can block its actions and prevent this abnormal growth and swelling . in these diseases , lucentis can help to stabilise and in many cases improve your vision .
clopidogrel acino pharma contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
arikayce liposomal is an antibiotic that contains the active ingredient amikacin . amikacin belongs to a group of antibiotics called aminoglycosides which stop the growth of certain bacteria that cause infections . arikayce liposomal is used by inhalation to treat lung infection caused by mycobacterium avium complex in adults with limited treatment options who do not have cystic fibrosis .
what unituxin is unituxin is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance dinutuximab . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. these work like the antibodies produced naturally by the body . they help the immune system to target certain cells , such as cancer cells , by ' sticking ' to them . what unituxin is used for unituxin is used to treat ' high - risk neuroblastoma ' in babies , children and adolescents aged 12 months to 17 years old . neuroblastoma is a type of cancer that grows from abnormal nerve cells in the body . some neuroblastomas are classed as ' high risk ' if the cancer has spread to various parts of the body and contains certain types of cells . high - risk neuroblastomas are more likely to come back again after treatment . to reduce the risk of the cancer coming back , unituxin is given at the last stage of the treatment to eliminate small amounts of disease which may still be present after the cancer has responded to chemotherapy , surgery , and an autologous ( self - donating ) blood cell transplant . how unituxin works unituxin recognises and attaches to a cell surface target called ' gd2 '. gd2 is found on the surface of neuroblastoma cells . when unituxin attaches to the gd2 on the cancer cells , the patient ' s immune system starts to attack these cells and kill them . unituxin has been shown to delay the progression or relapse of the disease and to increase survival .
what is darunavir mylan ? darunavir mylan contains the active substance darunavir . darunavir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . darunavir works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for ? darunavir is used to treat adults and children of 3 years of age and above , and at least 15 kilogram body weight who are infected by hiv and who have already used other antiretroviral medicines . darunavir must be taken in combination with a low dose of ritonavir and other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
jetrea contains the active substance ocriplasmin . jetrea is used to treat adults with an eye disease called vitreomacular traction ( vmt ), including when it is associated with a small hole in the macula ( central part of the light - sensitive layer at the back of the eye ). vmt is caused by traction resulting from a persistent attachment of the vitreous humour ( jelly - like material in the back of the eye ) to the macula . the macula provides central vision that is needed for everyday tasks such as driving , reading and recognising faces . vmt can cause symptoms such as distorted or decreased vision . when the disease progresses the traction may eventually result in the formation of a hole in the macula ( called a macular hole ). jetrea works by separating the vitreous humour from the macula , and helping to close the macular hole if one is present , which may decrease the symptoms caused by vmt .
pantecta control contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the ' pump ' that produces stomach acid . hence it reduces the amount of acid in your stomach . pantecta control is used for the short - term treatment of reflux symptoms ( for example heartburn , acid regurgitation ) in adults . reflux is the backflow of acid from the stomach into the gullet (" foodpipe "), which may become inflamed and painful . this may cause you symptoms such as a painful burning sensation in the chest rising up to the throat ( heartburn ) and a sour taste in the mouth ( acid regurgitation ). you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with pantecta control , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may be necessary to take the tablets for 2 - 3 consecutive days to relieve the symptoms . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 2 weeks .
kovaltry contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . kovaltry is prepared by recombinant technology without addition of any human - or animal derived components in the manufacturing process . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clot it . kovaltry is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( hereditary factor viii deficiency ).
inflectra contains the active substance infliximab , which is of human and mouse origin . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . inflectra belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . inflectra is also used in adults and children 6 years of age or older for : crohn ' s disease ulcerative colitis . inflectra works by selectively attaching to tnf alpha ( tumour necrosis factor alpha ) and blocking its action . tnf alpha is involved in inflammatory processes of the body so blocking it can reduce the inflammation in your body . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given inflectra which you will take with another medicine called methotrexate to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given inflectra to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the spine . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given inflectra to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . psoriasis psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , you will first be given other medicines or treatments , such as phototherapy . if these medicines or treatments do not work well enough , you will be given inflectra to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ulcerative colitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given inflectra to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given inflectra to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or surgery .
epoetin delta is a human erythropoietin made by a technology process called gene - activation , which uses a human cell line . epoetin delta is a hormone which stimulates the production of red blood cells in the bone marrow . red blood cells are very important since they contain haemoglobin , a protein which distributes oxygen in your body . dynepo is used for treating the symptoms of anaemia ( which include tiredness , weakness and shortness of breath ) associated with chronic renal failure in adult patients , anaemia is a blood disorder characterised by a decrease in red blood cells . dynepo may be used in patients on dialysis ( a blood clearance technique ) or in patients not on dialysis .
roclanda contains the active substances latanoprost and netarsudil . latanoprost belongs to a group of medicines known as prostaglandin analogues . netarsudil belongs to a group of medicines called rho kinase inhibitors . they work in different ways to reduce the amount of fluid , and so lower the pressure , inside the eye . roclanda is used to lower pressure in the eyes in adults who have an eye condition known as glaucoma or who have raised pressure in their eyes . if the pressure in the eye is too high , it can damage your sight .
neofordex is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a type of hormone called a glucocorticoid , sometimes called a corticoid or corticosteroid , with various actions including effects on white blood cells , which form part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). dexamethasone is similar to glucocorticoids which are naturally produced in the body . neofordex is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma , a cancer of the blood affecting the white blood cells that produce antibodies . neofordex will be given in combination with other medicines for multiple myeloma . they act together by killing cancerous white blood cells .
pradaxa contains the active substance dabigatran etexilate and belongs to a group of medicines called anticoagulants . it works by blocking a substance in the body which is involved in blood clot formation . pradaxa is used in adults to : - prevent the formation of blood clots in the veins after knee or hip replacement surgery . pradaxa is used in children to : - treat blood clots and to prevent blood clots from reoccurring .
cosentyx contains the active substance secukinumab . secukinumab is a monoclonal antibody which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by neutralising the activity of a protein called il - 17a , which is present at increased levels in diseases such as psoriasis , psoriatic arthritis and axial spondyloarthritis . cosentyx is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : plaque psoriasis psoriatic arthritis axial spondyloarthritis , including ankylosing spondylitis ( radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ) and non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis plaque psoriasis cosentyx is used to treat a skin condition called " plaque psoriasis ", which causes inflammation affecting the skin . cosentyx reduces the inflammation and other symptoms of the disease . cosentyx is used in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . using cosentyx in plaque psoriasis will benefit you by leading to improvements of skin clearance and reducing your symptoms such as scaling , itching and pain . psoriatic arthritis cosentyx is used to treat a condition called " psoriatic arthritis ". the condition is an inflammatory disease of the joints , often accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis , improve physical function and slow down the damage to the cartilage and bone of the joints involved in the disease . cosentyx is used in adults with active psoriatic arthritis and can be used alone or with another medicine called methotrexate . using cosentyx in psoriatic arthritis will benefit you by reducing the signs and symptoms of the disease , slowing down the damage to the cartilage and bone of the joints and improving your ability to do normal daily activities . axial spondyloarthritis , including ankylosing spondylitis ( radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ) and non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis cosentyx is used to treat conditions called " ankylosing spondylitis " and " non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ". these conditions are inflammatory diseases primarily affecting the spine which cause inflammation of the spinal joints . if you have ankylosing spondylitis or non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce inflammation and improve your physical function . cosentyx is used in adults with active ankylosing spondylitis and active non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis . using cosentyx in ankylosing spondylitis and non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis will benefit you by reducing the signs and symptoms of your disease and improving your physical function .
what alecensa is alecensa is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance alectinib . what alecensa is used for alecensa is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' (' nsclc '). it is used if your lung cancer : is ' alk - positive ' - this means your cancer cells have a fault in a gene that makes an enzyme called alk (' anaplastic lymphoma kinase '), see ' how alecensa works ', below and is advanced . alecensa can be prescribed to you as first treatment of your lung cancer , or if you have been previously treated with a medicine containing ' crizotinib '. how alecensa works alecensa blocks the action of an enzyme called ' alk tyrosine kinase '. abnormal forms of this enzyme ( due to fault in the gene that makes it ) help encourage cancer cell growth . alecensa may slow down or stop the growth of your cancer . it may also help to shrink your cancer . if you have any questions about how alecensa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what seebri breezhaler is this medicine contains an active substance called glycopyrronium bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . if you use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
spedra contains the active substance avanafil . it belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . spedra is a treatment for adult men suffering from erectile dysfunction ( also known as impotence ). this is when you cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra works by helping the blood vessels in your penis to relax . this increases the blood flow into your penis , helping it stay hard and erect when you get sexually excited . spedra does not cure your condition . it is important to note that spedra only works if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will still need to use foreplay to get ready for sex just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra is not for women .
pioglitazone teva pharma contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . pioglitazone teva pharma helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether pioglitazone teva pharma is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . pioglitazone teva pharma may also be used in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to insulin therapy when it fails to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
deltyba contains the active substance delamanid , an antibiotic for the treatment of tuberculosis in the lung caused by bacteria that are not killed by the most commonly used antibiotics to treat tuberculosis .
symkevi contains two active substances , tezacaftor and ivacaftor . the medicine helps lung cells to work better in some patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). cf is an inherited condition in which the lungs and the digestive system can become clogged with thick , sticky mucus . symkevi works on a protein called cftr ( cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator ), which is damaged in some people with cf ( who have a mutation in the cftr gene ). ivacaftor causes the protein to work better while tezacaftor increases the amount of protein at the cell surface . symkevi is normally taken with ivacaftor , another medicine . symkevi taken with ivacaftor is for long - term treatment of patients aged 12 and over who have cf with certain genetic mutations that result in reduced amount and / or function of the cftr protein . symkevi taken with ivacaftor helps your breathing by improving your lung function . you may also notice that you do not get ill as often and / or that it is easier to gain weight .
irbesartan zentiva belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan zentiva prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . irbesartan zentiva slows the decrease of kidney function in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes . irbesartan zentiva is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the kidney in patients with high blood pressure , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
pemetrexed krka is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
raloxifene teva is used to treat and prevent osteoporosis in postmenopausal women . raloxifene teva reduces the risk of vertebral fractures in women with postmenopausal osteoporosis . a reduction in the risk of hip fractures has not been shown . how raloxifene teva works raloxifene teva belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective oestrogen receptor modulators ( serms ). when a woman reaches the menopause , the level of the female sex hormone oestrogen goes down . raloxifene teva mimics some of the helpful effects of oestrogen after the menopause . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile - this disease is especially common in women after the menopause . although it may have no symptoms at first , osteoporosis makes you more likely to break bones , especially in your spine , hips and wrists and may cause back pain , loss of height and a curved back .
what trogarzo is trogarzo contains the active substance ibalizumab . this is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody ' that can attach to a specific target in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiretrovirals '. what trogarzo is used for trogarzo is used in adults to treat hiv infection that has not responded to a number of hiv treatments in the past . your doctor has prescribed trogarzo to help control your hiv infection . trogarzo is used in combination with other medicines . it will be used together with other hiv medicines called ' antiretrovirals '. how trogarzo works the hiv virus infects cells in your blood called ' cd4 ' or ' t - cells '. trogarzo attaches to the cd4 receptor and blocks hiv from entering and infecting your blood cells . this will reduce the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . this helps your body to increase the cd4 cell count in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
febuxostat mylan tablets contain the active substance febuxostat and are used to treat gout , which is associated with an excess of a chemical called uric acid ( urate ) in the body . in some people , the amount of uric acid builds up in the blood and may become too high to remain soluble . when this happens , urate crystals may form in and around the joints and kidneys . these crystals can cause sudden , severe pain , redness , warmth and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). left untreated , larger deposits called tophi may form in and around joints . these tophi may cause joint and bone damage . febuxostat mylan works by reducing uric acid levels . keeping uric acid levels low by taking febuxostat mylan once every day stops crystals building up , and over time it reduces symptoms . keeping uric acid levels sufficiently low for a long enough period can also shrink tophi . febuxostat mylan 120 mg tablets are also used to treat and prevent high blood levels of uric acid that may occur when you start to receive chemotherapy for blood cancers . when chemotherapy is given , cancer cells are destroyed , and uric acid levels increase in the blood accordingly , unless the formation of uric acid is prevented . febuxostat mylan is for adults .
pioglitazone teva contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . pioglitazone teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether pioglitazone teva is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . pioglitazone teva may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , sulphonylurea or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
latuda contains the active substance lurasidone and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat symptoms of schizophrenia in adults aged 18 years or over . lurasidone works by blocking receptors in the brain to which the substances dopamine and serotonin attach . dopamine and serotonin are neurotransmitters ( substances that allow nerve cells to communicate with each other ) that are involved in the symptoms of schizophrenia . by blocking their receptors , lurasidone helps to normalise the activity of the brain , reducing the symptoms of schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disorder with symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , or tense . this medicine is used to improve your symptoms of schizophrenia .
thelin is used to help lower blood pressure in the blood vessels when this pressure is raised in pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ). pulmonary arterial hypertension is the term used when the heart struggles to pump blood to the lungs . thelin lowers the blood pressure by widening these vessels , so your heart can pump blood more effectively . this will make it easier for you to do more activities .
evotaz contains two active substances : atazanavir , an antiviral ( or antiretroviral ) medicine . it is one of a group called protease inhibitors . these medicines control human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection by stopping production of a protein that hiv needs for its multiplication . they work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body and this in turn , strengthens your immune system . in this way atazanavir reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . cobicistat , a booster ( pharmacokinetic enhancer ) to help improve the effects of atazanavir . cobicistat , does not directly treat your hiv , but boosts the levels of atazanavir in the blood . it does this by slowing down the breakdown of atazanavir which will make it stay in the body for longer . evotaz may be used by adults aged 18 years of age and older who are infected with hiv , the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to help control your hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with evotaz is best for you .
noxafil contains a medicine called posaconazole . this belongs to a group of medicines called " antifungals ". it is used to prevent and treat many different fungal infections . this medicine works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of fungi that can cause infections . noxafil can be used in adults to treat the following types of fungal infections when other antifungal medicines have not worked or you have had to stop taking them : infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines amphotericin b or itraconazole or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the fusarium family that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi that cause the conditions known as " chromoblastomycosis " and " mycetoma " that have not improved during treatment with itraconazole or when itraconazole has had to be stopped ; infections caused by a fungus called coccidioides that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , itraconazole or fluconazole or when these medicines have had to be stopped . infections in the mouth or throat area ( known as " thrush ") caused by fungi called candida , which were not previously treated . this medicine can also be used to prevent fungal infections in adults who are at high risk of getting a fungal infection , such as : patients who have a weak immune system due to having chemotherapy for " acute myelogenous leukemia " ( aml ) or " myelodysplastic syndromes " ( mds ) patients having " high - dose immunosuppressive therapy " after " hematopoietic stem cell transplant " ( hsct ).
tepadina contains the active substance thiotepa , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . tepadina is used to prepare patients for bone marrow transplantation . it works by destroying bone marrow cells . this enables the transplantation of new bone marrow cells ( haematopoietic progenitor cells ), which in turn enable the body to produce healthy blood cells . tepadina can be used in adults and children and adolescents .
oprymea contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . oprymea is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
peyona contains the active substance caffeine citrate , which is a stimulant of the central nervous system , belonging to a group of medicines called methylxanthines . peyona is used in the treatment of interrupted breathing in premature babies ( primary apnoea of premature newborns ). these short periods when premature babies stop breathing are due to the baby ' s breathing centres not being fully developed . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of episodes of interrupted breathing in premature newborns .
viekirax contains the active substances ombitasvir , paritaprevir and ritonavir . it is an antiviral medicine used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis c virus ). the combined action of the three active substances stops the hepatitis c virus from multiplying and infecting new cells , thus clearing the virus from your blood over a period of time . ombitasvir and paritaprevir block two proteins essential for the virus to multiply . ritonavir acts as a ' booster ' to prolong the action of paritaprevir in the body . viekirax tablets are taken with other antiviral medicines such as dasabuvir and ribavirin . your doctor will talk with you about which of these medicines to take with viekirax . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with viekirax . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
lusduna contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . lusduna is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . insulin glargine has a long and steady blood - sugar - lowering action .
what is strensiq strensiq is a medicine used to treat the inherited disease hypophosphatasia that started in childhood . it contains the active substance asfotase alfa . what is hypophosphatasia patients with hypophosphatasia have low levels of an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase that is important for various body functions , including the proper hardening of bones and teeth . patients have problems with bone growth and strength , which can lead to broken bones , bone pain , and difficulty walking , as well as difficulties with breathing and a risk of seizures ( fits ). what is strensiq used for the active substance in strensiq can replace the missing enzyme ( alkaline phosphatase ) in hypophosphatasia . it is used for long - term enzyme replacement treatment to manage symptoms . what benefits of strensiq have been shown in clinical studies strensiq has shown benefits for patients ' mineralization of the skeleton and growth .
actelsar hct is a combination of two active substances , telmisartan and hydrochlorothiazide in one tablet . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . - telmisartan belongs to a group of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow thus increasing your blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . - hydrochlorothiazide belongs to a group of medicines called thiazide diuretics , which cause your urine output to increase , leading to a lowering of your blood pressure . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . actelsar hct is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when telmisartan is used alone .
stiripentol , the active ingredient of diacomit , belongs to a group of medicines called antiepileptics . it is used in conjunction with clobazam and valproate ( other antiepileptic medicines ) to treat a certain form of epilepsy called severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy ( dravet ' s syndrome ), which affects children . your child ' s doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s epilepsy . it should always be taken in combination with clobazam and valproate under the direction of a doctor .
humira contains the active substance adalimumab . humira is intended for the treatment of the inflammatory diseases described below : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric plaque psoriasis paediatric crohn ' s disease paediatric uveitis the active ingredient in humira , adalimumab , is a human monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is involved in the immune ( defence ) system and is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , humira decreases the process of inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints that usually first appears in childhood . humira is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in patients from 2 years of age . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given humira to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . your doctor will decide if humira should be used with methotrexate or alone . enthesitis - related arthritis enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints and the places where tendons join the bone . humira is used to treat enthesitis - related arthritis in patients from 6 years of age . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given humira to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is a skin condition that causes red , flaky , crusty patches of skin covered with silvery scales . plaque psoriasis can also affect the nails , causing them to crumble , become thickened and lift away from the nail bed which can be painful . psoriasis is believed to be caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . humira is used to treat severe chronic plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years for whom topical therapy and phototherapies have either not worked very well or are not suitable . paediatric crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the digestive tract . humira is used to treat moderate to severe crohn ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given humira to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric uveitis non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease affecting certain parts of the eye . humira is used to treat children with chronic non - infectious uveitis from 2 years of age with inflammation affecting the front of the eye this inflammation may lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). humira works by reducing this inflammation . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given humira to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
poteligeo contains the active substance mogamulizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . mogamulizumab targets cancer cells which are then destroyed by the immune system ( the body ' s defence ). this medicine is used to treat adults with mycosis fungoides and sézary syndrome , which are types of cancers called cutaneous t - cell lymphomas . the medicine is for use in patients who have received at least one medicine given by mouth or by injection .
ifirmasta belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . ifirmasta prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . ifirmasta slows the decrease of kidney function in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes . ifirmasta is used in adult patients - to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) - to protect the kidney in patients with high blood pressure , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
the active substance in this medicine is a protein called peginterferon alfa - 2b , which belongs to the class of medicines called interferons . interferons are made by your body ' s immune system to help fight infections and severe diseases . this medicine is injected into your body to work with your immune system . this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic hepatitis c , a viral infection of the liver . adults the combination of this medicine , ribavirin and boceprevir is recommended for use for some types of chronic hepatitis c virus infection ( also called hcv infection ) in adults 18 years of age and older . it may be used in adults who have not been previously treated for hcv infection or who have previously used medicines called interferons and pegylated interferons . the combination of this medicine and ribavirin is recommended for adults 18 years of age and older who have not previously been treated with these medicines . this includes adults also infected with clinically stable hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ). the combination can also be used to treat adults who have already failed treatment with an interferon alpha or peginterferon alpha in combination with ribavirin or interferon alpha alone . if you have a medical condition making use of ribavirin dangerous or if you already have had a problem taking it , your doctor will likely prescribe this medicine alone . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with ribavirin in children 3 years of age and older and adolescents who have not been treated previously for chronic hepatitis c .
clopidogrel bgr contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bgr is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bgr to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel bgr and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel bgr plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
what brilique is brilique contains an active substance called ticagrelor . this belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicines . what brilique is used for brilique in combination with acetylsalicylic acid ( another antiplatelet agent ) is to be used in adults only . you have been given this medicine because you have had : a heart attack , over a year ago . it reduces the chances of you having another heart attack , stroke or dying from a disease related to your heart or blood vessels . how brilique works brilique affects cells called ' platelets ' ( also called thrombocytes ). these very small blood cells help stop bleeding by clumping together to plug tiny holes in blood vessels that are cut or damaged . however , platelets can also form clots inside diseased blood vessels in the heart and brain . this can be very dangerous because : the clot can cut off the blood supply completely ; this can cause a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) or stroke , or the clot can partly block the blood vessels to the heart ; this reduces the blood flow to the heart and can cause chest pain which comes and goes ( called ' unstable angina '). brilique helps stop the clumping of platelets . this reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow .
zonegran contains the active substance zonisamide , and is used as an antiepileptic medicine . zonegran is used to treat seizures that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not be followed by a seizure affecting all of the brain ( secondary generalisation ). zonegran may be used : on its own to treat seizures in adults . with other antiepileptic medicines to treat seizures in adults , adolescents , and children aged 6 years and above .
abilify contains the active substance aripiprazole and belong to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 15 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . abilify is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 13 years and older who suffer from a condition with symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with abilify .
zynteglo is used to treat a serious genetic disease called transfusion - dependent beta - thalassaemia ( tdt ), which includes the disease commonly known as beta - thalassaemia major , in people 12 years and older . people with this condition cannot make enough haemoglobin , a protein in the blood that carries oxygen . more specifically , people with tdt do not make enough of a part of the haemoglobin called beta - globin , due to a gene defect . because of this defect , people with tdt are anaemic and need frequent blood transfusions to survive . zynteglo is a type of medicine called gene therapy . it is made specifically for each patient , using the patient ' s own ( also called autologous ) blood stem cells . zynteglo works by adding functional copies of the beta - globin gene into these cells , so that the patient can make enough beta - globin to increase total haemoglobin , improve anaemia , and carry more oxygen around their body . this reduces or eliminates the need for blood transfusions .
bortezomib sun contains the active substance bortezomib , a so - called ' proteasome inhibitor '. proteasomes play an important role in controlling cell function and growth . by interfering with their function , bortezomib can kill cancer cells . bortezomib sun is used for the treatment of : - multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients older than 18 years : - alone or together with the medicines pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or dexamethasone , for patients whose disease is worsening ( progressive ) after receiving at least one prior treatment and for whom blood stem cell transplantation was not successful or is unsuitable . - in combination with the medicines melphalan and prednisone , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and are unsuitable for high - dose chemotherapy with blood stem cell transplantation . - in combination with the medicines dexamethasone or dexamethasone together with thalidomide , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and before receiving high - dose chemotherapy with blood stem cell transplantation ( induction treatment ). - mantle cell lymphoma ( a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes ) in patients 18 years or older in combination with the medicines rituximab , cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is unsuitable .
vistide is used to treat an eye infection called cmv retinitis in patients with aids ( acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ). vistide will not cure cmv retinitis but may improve your condition by delaying progression of the disease . the safety and efficacy of vistide has not been demonstrated in diseases other than cmv retinitis in patients with aids . vistide must be administered by a healthcare professional ( doctor or nurse ) in a hospital setting . what is cmv retinitis ? cmv retinitis is an eye infection caused by a virus named cytomegalovirus ( cmv ). cmv attacks the retina of the eye and may cause loss of vision , and eventually lead to blindness . patients with aids are at high risk of developing cmv retinitis or other forms of cmv disease such as colitis ( an inflammatory bowel disease ). treatment for cmv retinitis is necessary to reduce the potential for blindness . vistide is an antiviral medicine which blocks the replication of cmv by interfering with viral dna production .
ebilfumin is used for adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) for treating flu ( influenza ). it can be used when you have flu symptoms , and the flu virus is known to be going round in your community . ebilfumin can also be prescribed for adults , adolescents , children and infants above 1 year of age for preventing flu , on a case - by - case basis for instance , if you have been in contact with someone who has flu . ebilfumin may be prescribed for adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) as preventive treatment in exceptional circumstances for example , if there is a global epidemic of flu ( a flu pandemic ) and the seasonal flu vaccine may not provide sufficient protection . ebilfumin contains oseltamivir , which belongs to a group of medicines named neuraminidase inhibitors . these medicines prevent the flu virus from spreading inside the body . they help to ease or prevent the symptoms of the flu virus infection . influenza , usually called flu , is an infection caused by a virus . the signs of flu often include a sudden fever ( more than 37 . 8 ), cough , runny or stuffy nose , headaches , muscle aches and extreme tiredness . these symptoms can also be caused by other infections . true influenza infection only occurs during annual outbreaks ( epidemics ) when flu viruses are spreading in the local community . outside epidemic periods , flu - like symptoms are usually caused by a different type of illness .
insulin lispro sanofi is used to treat diabetes . it works more quickly than normal human insulin because the insulin molecule has been changed slightly . you get diabetes if your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the level of glucose in your blood . insulin lispro sanofi is a substitute for your own insulin and is used to control glucose in the long term . it works very quickly and lasts a shorter time than soluble insulin ( 2 to 5 hours ). you should normally use insulin lispro sanofi within 15 minutes of a meal . your doctor may tell you to use insulin lispro sanofi as well as a longer - acting insulin . each kind of insulin comes with another patient information leaflet to tell you about it . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . be very careful if you do change insulin . insulin lispro sanofi is suitable for use in adults and children .
xalkori is an anticancer medicine containing the active substance crizotinib used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer , that presents with a specific rearrangement or defect in either a gene called anaplastic lymphoma kinase ( alk ) or a gene called ros1 . xalkori can be prescribed to you for the initial treatment if your disease is at an advanced stage of lung cancer . xalkori can be prescribed to you if your disease is at an advanced stage and previous treatment has not helped to stop your disease . xalkori may slow or stop the growth of lung cancer . it may help shrink tumours . if you have any questions about how xalkori works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what zontivity is zontivity contains an active substance called vorapaxar , and it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - platelet medicines .' platelets are blood cells that help with normal blood clotting . zontivity prevents platelets from sticking together . this reduces the chance of a blood clot forming and blocking the arteries , such as the arteries in the heart . what zontivity is used for zontivity is used in adults who have had a heart attack or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( also known as poor circulation in the legs ). zontivity is used to lower your chance of : having another heart attack or stroke dying from a heart attack needing an urgent operation to open blocked arteries in the heart . your doctor will also give you instructions about acetylsalicylic acid or clopidogrel ( other anti - platelet agents ) that you may need to take with zontivity .
clopidogrel teva pharma contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel teva pharma and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding
foclivia is a vaccine intended to be given to prevent influenza ( flu ) in an officially declared pandemic . pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . it is for use in adults ( from 18 to 60 years old ) and elderly ( over 60 years ) to prevent flu caused by the h5n1 type of the virus . when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , foclivia may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
glidipion contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . glidipion helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether glidipion is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . glidipion may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , sulphonylurea or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
invanz contains ertapenem which is an antibiotic of the beta - lactam group . it has the ability to kill a wide range of bacteria ( germs ) that cause infections in various parts of the body . invanz can be given to persons 3 months of age and older . treatment : your doctor has prescribed invanz because you or your child has one ( or more ) of the following types of infection : infection in the abdomen infection affecting the lungs ( pneumonia ) gynaecological infections skin infections of the foot in diabetic patients . prevention : prevention of surgical site infections in adults following surgery of the colon or rectum .
the active substance in targretin , bexarotene , belongs to a group of medicines known as retinoids , which are related to vitamin a . targretin capsules are used by patients with advanced stage cutaneous t - cell lymphoma ( ctcl ) whose disease has not responded to other therapies . ctcl is a condition in which certain cells of the body ' s lymph system called t - lymphocytes become cancerous and affect the skin .
aloxi contains the active substance palonosetron . this belongs to a group of medicines called ' serotonin ( 5ht3 ) antagonists '. aloxi is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age to help stop you feeling or being sick ( nausea and vomiting ) when having cancer treatments called chemotherapy . it works by blocking the action of a chemical called serotonin , which can cause you to feel sick or to vomit .
daxas contains the active substance roflumilast , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called phosphodiesterase - 4 inhibitor . roflumilast reduces the activity of phosphodiesterase - 4 , a protein occurring naturally in body cells . when the activity of this protein is reduced , there is less inflammation in the lungs . this helps to stop narrowing of airways occurring in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). thus daxas eases breathing problems . daxas is used for maintenance treatment of severe copd in adults who in the past had frequent worsening of their copd symptoms ( so - called exacerbations ) and who have chronic bronchitis . copd is a chronic disease of the lungs that results in tightening of the airways ( obstruction ) and swelling and irritation of the walls of the small air passages ( inflammation ). this leads to symptoms such as coughing , wheezing , chest tightness or difficulty in breathing . daxas is to be used in addition to bronchodilators .
what viracept is viracept contains a medicine called nelfinavir , which is a ' protease inhibitor '. this belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - retrovirals '. what viracept is used for viracept is used with other ' anti - retroviral ' medicines to : work against the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ). it helps to reduce the number of hiv particles in your blood . increase the number of some cells in your blood that help fight infection . these are called cd4 white blood cells . they are particularly reduced in numbers when you have hiv infection . this can lead to an increased risk of many types of infections . viracept is not a cure for hiv infection . you may continue to get infections or other illnesses due to your hiv . treatment with viracept does not stop you giving hiv to others through contact with blood or sexual contact . therefore you must keep taking appropriate precautions to avoid giving the virus to others when you are taking viracept .
inomax contains nitric oxide , a gas used for the treatment of newborn babies with lung failure associated with high blood pressure in the lungs , a condition known as hypoxic respiratory failure . when inhaled , this gas mixture can improve the flow of blood through the lungs , which may help to increase the amount of oxygen that reaches your baby ' s blood . newborn babies , babies , children , teenagers 0 - 17 years and adults with high blood pressure in the lungs , connected with heart surgery . this gas mixture can improve heart function and increase the flow of blood through the lungs , which may help to increase the amount of oxygen that reaches the blood .
mirapexin contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . mirapexin is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
vokanamet contains two different active substances , canagliflozin and metformin . these are two medicines that work together in different ways to lower blood glucose ( sugar ) levels and can help prevent heart disease in adults with type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used by itself or along with other medicines you may be using to treat your type 2 diabetes ( such as insulin , a dpp - 4 inhibitor [ such as sitagliptin , saxagliptin , or linagliptin ], a sulphonylurea [ such as glimepiride or glipizide ], or pioglitazone ) that lower blood sugar levels . you may already be taking one or more of these to treat your type 2 diabetes . vokanamet is used when your blood sugar cannot be adequately controlled by metformin alone or together with other diabetes medicines . if you are already taking both canagliflozin and metformin as single tablets , vokanamet can replace them in one tablet . it is important to keep following advice about diet and exercise given by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical conditions such as heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
what avonex is the active substance in avonex is a protein called interferon beta - 1a . interferons are natural substances made in your body to help protect you from infections and diseases . the protein in avonex is made up of exactly the same ingredients as interferon beta that is found in the human body . what avonex is used for avonex is used to treat multiple sclerosis ( ms ). treatment with avonex can help to prevent you from getting worse , although it will not cure ms . everyone has their own set of ms symptoms . these can include : - feeling off - balance or light headed , walking problems , stiffness and muscle spasms , tiredness , numbness in the face , arms or legs - acute or chronic pain , bladder and bowel problems , sexual problems and problems seeing things - difficulty in thinking and concentrating , depression . ms also tends to flare up from time to time : this is called a relapse . ( notes information ) avonex works best when you use it at the same time , once a week , on a regular basis . do not stop your avonex treatment without speaking to your neurologist . avonex can help to reduce the number of relapses that you have and slow down the disabling effects of ms . your doctor will advise you for how long you can use avonex or when to stop . how avonex works multiple sclerosis is linked to nerve ( brain or spinal cord ) damage . in ms , your body ' s defence system reacts against its own myelin the ' insulation ' that surrounds nerve fibres . when myelin is damaged , the messages between the brain and other parts of the body are disrupted . this is what causes the symptoms of ms . avonex seems to work by stopping your body ' s defence system from attacking the myelin .
what accofil is accofil contains the active ingredient filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced in bacteria called escherichia coli by recombinant dna technology . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight infection . what accofil is used for your doctor has prescribed accofil for you to help your body make more white blood cells . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with accofil . accofil is useful in several different conditions which are : - chemotherapy - bone marrow transplantation - severe chronic neutropenia ( low number of a type of white blood cells ) - neutropenia ( low number of a type of white blood cells ) in patients with hiv infection - peripheral blood stem cell mobilisation ( to stimulate stem cells to enter the blood stream to be collected and used in bone marrow transplantation ).
what plegridy is the active substance in plegridy is peginterferon beta - 1a . peginterferon beta - 1a is a modified long - acting form of interferon . interferons are natural substances made in the body to help protect from infections and diseases . what plegridy is used for this medicine is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults aged 18 or over . ms is a long term illness that affects the central nervous system ( cns ), including the brain and spinal cord , in which the body ' s immune system ( its natural defences ) damages the protective layer ( myelin ) that surrounds the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . this disrupts the messages between the brain and other parts of the body , causing the symptoms of ms . patients with relapsing - remitting ms have periods when the disease is not active ( remission ) in between flare - ups of symptoms ( relapses ). everyone has their own set of ms symptoms . these can include : - feeling off - balance or light headed , walking problems , stiffness and muscle spasms , tiredness , numbness in the face , arms or legs - acute or chronic pain , bladder and bowel problems , sexual problems and problems with vision - difficulty thinking and concentrating , depression . how plegridy works plegridy seems to work by stopping the body ' s immune system from damaging your brain and spinal cord . this can help to reduce the number of relapses that you have and slow down the disabling effects of ms . treatment with plegridy can help to prevent you from getting worse , although it will not cure ms .
pramipexole accord contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ).
zerbaxa is a medicine used to treat a range of bacterial infections . it contains two active substances : - ceftolozane , an antibiotic that belongs to the group of " cephalosporins " and which can kill certain bacteria that can cause infection ; - tazobactam , which blocks the action of certain enzymes called beta - lactamases . these enzymes make bacteria resistant to ceftolozane by breaking down the antibiotic before it can act . by blocking their action , tazobactam makes ceftolozane more effective at killing bacteria . zerbaxa is used in adults to treat complicated infections within the abdomen , kidney and urinary system infections , and an infection of the lungs called " pneumonia ".
the active substance of protopic , tacrolimus monohydrate , is an immunomodulating agent . protopic 0 . 03 % ointment is used to treat moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( eczema ) in adults who are not adequately responsive to or are intolerant of conventional therapies such as topical corticosteroids and in children ( 2 years of age and older ) who failed to respond adequately to conventional therapies such as topical corticosteroids . once moderate to severe atopic dermatitis is cleared or almost cleared after up to 6 weeks treatment of a flare , and if you are experiencing frequent flares ( i . e . 4 or more per year ), it may be possible to prevent flares coming back or prolong the time you are free from flares by using protopic 0 . 03 % ointment twice weekly . in atopic dermatitis , an over - reaction of the skin ' s immune system causes skin inflammation ( itchiness , redness , dryness ). protopic alters the abnormal immune response and relieves the skin inflammation and the itch .
ulipristal acetate gedeon richter contains the active substance ulipristal acetate . it is used to treat moderate to severe symptoms of uterine fibroids ( commonly known as myomas ), which are non - cancerous tumours of the uterus ( womb ). ulipristal acetate gedeon richter is used in adult women ( over 18 years of age ) before they reach the menopause . in some women , uterine fibroids may cause heavy menstrual bleeding ( your ' period '), pelvic pain ( discomfort in the belly ) and create pressure on other organs . this medicine acts by modifying the activity of progesterone , a naturally occuring hormone in the body . it is used either before an operation of your fibroids or for long term treatment of your fibroids to reduce their size , to stop or reduce bleeding and to increase your red blood cell count .
onduarp tablets contain two active substances called telmisartan and amlodipine . both of these substances help to control your high blood pressure : - telmisartan belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which causes blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing blood pressure . telmisartan works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . - amlodipine belongs to a group of substances called " calcium channel blockers ". amlodipine stops calcium from moving into the blood vessel wall which stops the blood vessels from tightening . this means that both of these active substances work together to help stop your blood vessels tightening . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . onduarp is used to treat high blood pressure - in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough with amlodipine . - in adult patients who already receive telmisartan and amlodipine from separate tablets and who wish to take instead the same doses in one tablet for convenience . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which puts patients at risk of serious events such as heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
jinarc contains the active substance tolvaptan which blocks the effect of vasopressin , a hormone involved in the formation of cysts in the kidneys of adpkd patients . by blocking the effect of vasopressin , jinarc slows the development of kidney cysts in patients with adpkd , reduces symptoms of the disease and increases urine production . jinarc is a medicine used to treat a disease called " autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease " ( adpkd ). this disease causes growth of fluid - filled cysts in the kidneys , which put pressure on surrounding tissues and reduce kidney function , possibly leading to kidney failure . jinarc is used to treat adpkd in adults with chronic kidney disease ( ckd ) stages 1 to 4 with evidence of rapidly progressing disease .
taltz contains the active substance ixekizumab . taltz is intended for the treatment of the inflammatory diseases described below : plaque psoriasis in adults plaque psoriasis in children from the age of 6 and with a body weight of at least 25 kg and in adolescents psoriatic arthritis in adults radiographic axial spondyloarthritis in adults non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis in adults ixekizumab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 17a , which promotes psoriasis and inflammatory disease of the joints and the spine . plaque psoriasis taltz is used to treat a skin condition called " plaque psoriasis " in adults and in children from the age of 6 years and with a body weight of at least 25 kg and in adolescents with moderate to severe disease . taltz reduces the signs and symptoms of the disease . using taltz will benefit you by improvements of skin clearance and reducing your symptoms such as scaling , itching and pain . psoriatic arthritis taltz is used to treat a condition called " psoriatic arthritis " in adults , an inflammatory disease of the joints , often accompanied by psoriasis . if you have psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines or in case of intolerance , you will be given taltz to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . taltz can be used alone or with another medicine named methotrexate . using taltz will benefit you by reducing the signs and symptoms of the disease , improving physical function ( ability to do normal daily activities ), and slowing down the damage to the joints . axial spondyloarthritis taltz is used to treat adults with an inflammatory disease primarily affecting the spine which causes inflammation of the spinal joints , called axial spondyloarthritis . if the condition is visible using x - rays , it is referred to as " radiographic axial spondyloarthritis "; if it occurs in patients with no visible signs on x - rays , it is referred to as " non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ". if you have axial spondyloarthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given taltz to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce inflammation and improve your physical function .
capecitabine medac belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine medac may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
ziextenzo contains the active substance pegfilgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . ziextenzo is used to reduce the duration of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you ziextenzo to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
what vipdomet is vipdomet contains two different medicines called alogliptin and metformin in one tablet : - alogliptin belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ). alogliptin works to increase the levels of insulin in the body after a meal and decrease the amount of sugar in the body . - metformin belongs to a group of medicines called biguanides which also help to lower blood sugar by lowering the amount of sugar made in the liver and helping insulin to work more effectively . both of these groups of medicines are " oral anti - diabetics ". what vipdomet is used for vipdomet is used to lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus or niddm . vipdomet is taken when your blood sugar cannot be adequately controlled by diet , exercise and other anti - diabetic medicines such as metformin alone ; insulin alone ; or metformin and pioglitazone taken together . if you are already taking both alogliptin and metformin as single tablets , vipdomet can replace them in one tablet . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you .
how does memantine lek work memantine lek contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . memantine lek belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . memantine lek belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . memantine lek acts on these nmda - receptors improving the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . what is memantine lek used for memantine lek is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
the product is made from human plasma ( the liquid part of the blood ) and contains the active substances called human coagulation factor viii ( fviii ) and human von willebrand factor ( vwf ). voncento is used for all age groups to prevent or to halt bleeding caused by the lack of vwf in von willebrand disease ( vwd ) and the lack of fviii in haemophilia a . voncento is only used when treatment with another medicine , desmopressin , is not effective alone or cannot be given . vwf and fviii are involved in blood clotting . lack of either factor means that blood does not clot as quickly as it should so there is an increased tendency to bleed . the replacement of vwf and fviii by voncento will temporarily repair the blood clotting mechanisms . as voncento contains both fviii and vwf , it is important to know which factor you most need . if you have haemophilia a your doctor will prescribe you voncento with the number of units of fviii specified . if you have vwd your doctor will prescribe you voncento with the number of units of vwf specified .
novoeight contains the active substance turoctocog alfa , human coagulation factor viii . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps it to clot . novoeight is used to treat and prevent bleeding episodes in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be used for all age groups . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . novoeight replaces this faulty or missing ' factor viii ' and helps blood to form clots at the site of bleeding .
the active substance of xiliarx , vildagliptin , belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". xiliarx is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used when diabetes cannot be controlled by diet and exercise alone . it helps to control the level of sugar in the blood . your doctor will prescribe xiliarx either alone or together with certain other antidiabetic medicines which you will already be taking , if these have not proved sufficiently effective to control diabetes . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much glucagon . insulin is a substance which helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood , especially after meals . glucagon is a substance which triggers the production of sugar by the liver , causing the blood sugar level to rise . the pancreas makes both of these substances . how xiliarx works xiliarx works by making the pancreas produce more insulin and less glucagon . this helps to control the blood sugar level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
sprimeo belongs to a new class of medicines called renin inhibitors . sprimeo helps to lower high blood pressure . renin inhibitors reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can produce . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to tighten , which increases the blood pressure . reducing the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the brain , heart and kidneys , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders .
what hizentra is hizentra belongs to the class of medicines called human normal immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins are also known as antibodies and are blood proteins that help your body to fight infections . how hizentra works hizentra contains immunoglobulins that have been prepared from the blood of healthy people . immunoglobulins are produced by human body ' s immune system . they help your body to fight infections caused by bacteria and viruses or maintain the balance in your immune system ( referred to as immunomodulation ). the medicine works in exactly the same way as the immunoglobulins naturally present in your blood . what hizentra is used for replacement therapy hizentra is used to raise abnormally low immunoglobulin levels in your blood to normal levels ( replacement therapy ). the medicine is used in adults and children ( 0 - 18 years ) in the following situations : 1 . treatment of patients who are born with a reduced ability or inability to produce immunoglobulins ( primary immunodeficiencies ). this includes conditions such as : low immunoglobulin levels ( hypogammaglobulinaemia ) or absence of immunoglobulins ( agammaglobulinaemia ) in the blood combination of low immunoglobulin levels , frequent infections and inability to produce adequate amounts of antibodies after vaccination ( common variable immunodeficiency ) combination of low level or absence of immunoglobulins and absence or non - functional immune cells ( severe combined immunodeficiency ) lack of certain immunoglobulin g subclasses causing recurrent infections . 2 . treatment of low immunoglobulin levels and recurrent bacterial infections in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ), a certain kind of blood cancer , where prophylactic antibiotics have failed or are contra - indicated . 3 . treatment of low immunoglobulin levels and recurrent bacterial infections in patients with multiple myeloma ( mm ), another kind of blood cancer . 4 . treatment of low immunoglobulin levels in patients pre - and post - allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation ( hsct ). immunomodulatory therapy in cidp patients hizentra is also used in patients with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy ( cidp ), a form of autoimmune disease . cidp is characterised by chronic inflammation of the peripheral nerves that causes muscle weakness and / or numbness mainly in the legs and arms . it is believed that the body ' s defense attack underlines such inflammation , and the immunoglobulins present in hizentra help to protect the nerves from being attacked ( immunomodulatory therapy ).
what saxenda is saxenda is a weight loss medicine that contains the active substance liraglutide . it is similar to a natural occurring hormone called glucagon - like peptide - 1 ( glp - 1 ) that is released from the intestine after a meal . saxenda works by acting on receptors in the brain that control your appetite , causing you to feel fuller and less hungry . this may help you eat less food and reduce your body weight . what saxenda is used for saxenda is used for weight loss in addition to diet and exercise in adults aged 18 and above who have a bmi of 30 kg / m² or greater ( obese ) or a bmi of 27 kg / m² and less than 30 kg / m² ( overweight ) and weight - related health problems ( such as diabetes , high blood pressure , abnormal levels of fats in the blood or breathing problems during sleep called ' obstructive sleep apnoea '). bmi ( body mass index ) is a measure of your weight in relation to your height . you should only continue using saxenda if you have lost at least 5 % of your initial body weight after 12 weeks on the 3 mg / day dose ( see section 3 ). consult your doctor before you continue . diet and exercise your doctor will start you on a diet and exercise programme . stay on this programme while you are using saxenda .
ivemend contains the active substance fosaprepitant which is converted to aprepitant in your body . it belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin 1 ( nk1 ) receptor antagonists ". the brain has a specific area that controls nausea and vomiting . ivemend works by blocking signals to that area , thereby reducing nausea and vomiting . ivemend is used in adults , adolescents , and children aged 6 months or older in combination with other medicines to prevent nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy ( cancer treatment ) that is a strong or moderate trigger of nausea and vomiting .
lyumjev 100 units / ml solution for injection in vial contains the active ingredient insulin lispro . lyumjev is used to treat diabetes in adults . it is a mealtime insulin that works more quickly than other medicine containing insulin lispro . lyumjev contains ingredients that speed up absorption of insulin lispro into the body . diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or does not use insulin effectively , which results in effects such as high levels of sugar in the blood . lyumjev is an insulin medicine that is used in the treatment of diabetes and so controls blood sugar . effective treatment of diabetes , with good control of blood sugar , prevents long - term complications from your diabetes . treatment with lyumjev helps to control blood sugar in the long term and prevent complications from your diabetes . lyumjev has its maximum effect 1 to 3 hours after injection and the effect lasts for up to 5 hours . you should use lyumjev at the start of the meal , or up to 20 minutes after starting the meal . your doctor may tell you to use lyumjev as well as a longer - or intermediate - acting insulin . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to .
ribavirin mylan contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . ribavirin mylan must not be used without interferon alfa - 2b , i . e . ribavirin mylan must not be used alone . depending on the genotype of the hepatitis c virus that you have , your doctor may choose to treat you with a combination of this medicine with other medicines . there may be some further treatment limitations if you have or have not been previously treated for chronic hepatitis c infection . your doctor will recommend the best course of therapy . the combination of ribavirin mylan and other medicines is used to treat adult patients who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin mylan with interferon alfa - 2b is used in paedriatic patientes ( children 3 years of age and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for paediatric patients ( children and adolescents ) weighing less than 47 kg a solution formulation is available . previously treated adult patients : the combination of ribavirin mylan with interferon alfa - 2b is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin mylan with pegylated or other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
what adakveo is adakveo contains the active substance crizanlizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies ( mabs ). what adakveo is used for adakveo is used to prevent recurrent painful crises occurring in patients aged 16 years and over with sickle cell disease . adakveo can be given in combination with hydroxyurea / hydroxycarbamide , although it may also be used alone . sickle cell disease is an inherited blood disorder . it causes affected red blood cells to become sickle - shaped and have difficulty passing through small blood vessels . additionally in sickle cell disease the blood vessels are damaged and sticky due to ongoing chronic inflammation . this leads to blood cells sticking to the blood vessels , causing acute episodes of pain and organ damage . how adakveo works patients with sickle cell disease have higher levels of a protein called p - selectin . adakveo binds p - selectin . this should stop blood cells sticking to the vessel walls and help prevent painful crises . if you have any questions about how adakveo works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse .
ecansya belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . ecansya contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). ecansya is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , ecansya is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . ecansya may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
docefrez contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel , derived from yew - tree needles , belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxanes . docefrez is used , either alone or in combination with other medicines , for the treatment of the following kinds of cancer : - advanced breast cancer , alone or with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine - early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide - non - small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ), alone or with cisplatin - prostate cancer , with prednisone or prednisolone - metastatic gastric cancer , with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil - head and neck cancer , with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
pregabalin mylan contains the active substance pregabalin which belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
phesgo is a cancer medicine that contains two active substances : pertuzumab and trastuzumab . pertuzumab and trastuzumab are ' monoclonal antibodies '. they are designed to attach to a specific target on cells called " human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 " ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and stimulates their growth . by attaching to her2 on cancer cells , pertuzumab and trastuzumab slow down their growth , or kill them . phesgo is available in two different strengths . see section 6 for more information . phesgo is used to treat adult patients with breast cancer that is of the " her2 - positive " type your doctor will test you for this . it can be used when : the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the lungs or liver ( metastasised ), or the cancer has come back in the breast and the area around breast , but cannot be operated , and no treatment with cancer medicines ( chemotherapy ) or other medicines designed to attach to her2 has been given . the cancer has not spread to other parts of the body , and treatment is going to be given either before surgery ( neoadjuvant therapy ) or after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). as part of your treatment with phesgo you will also receive other medicines called chemotherapy . information about these medicines is described in separate package leaflets . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines .
scintimun is a medicine containing an antibody ( besilesomab ) used to target specific cells called granulocytes ( a type of white blood cells involved in the inflammation process ) in your body . scintimun is used for the preparation of a radioactive solution for injection of technetium ( 99mtc )- besilesomab . technetium ( 99mtc ) is a radioactive element allowing the organs where besilesomab accumulates to be seen using a special camera . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only in adults . after injection into your vein , your doctor can obtain pictures ( scans ) of your organs that give more information about the detection of sites of inflammation and / or infection . however scintimun should not be used for the diagnosis of diabetic foot infection . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights the risk due to radiation .
jorveza contains the active substance budesonide , a corticosteroid medicine that reduces inflammation . it is used in adults ( older than 18 years of age ) to treat eosinophilic oesophagitis , which is an inflammatory condition of the gullet ( food pipe ) that causes problems with swallowing food .
the name of your medicine is regranex . it contains a substance called becaplermin . becaplermin is a human recombinant platelet derived growth factor ( rhpdgf ). regranex is used to help the growth of normal tissue in order to heal skin ulcers . it is used with other good wound care measures to help with the healing of the ulcers . good wound care measures include : your doctor or healthcare professional removing dead skin / debris from the wound whenever necessary keeping weight off your feet , perhaps by wearing special orthopaedic shoes or by other methods your doctor or healthcare professional treating any infection of the wound - treatment with regranex should be stopped if the wound becomes infected continuing to visit your doctor or healthcare professional and following your treatment plan regranex is used for skin ulcers that : are not more than 5 square centimetres ( see diagram opposite ) and have a good blood supply are due to complications of diabetes . insert diagram of size ( circle measuring 2 . 524 cm in diameter ) by using regranex , it is more likely that your skin ulcers will heal quickly and completely .
clopidogrel 1a pharma contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
efavirenz teva , which contains the active substance efavirenz , belongs to a class of antiretroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection by reducing the amount of the virus in blood . it is used by adults , adolescents and children 3 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you because you have hiv infection . efavirenz teva taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines reduces the amount of the virus in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
what odomzo is odomzo contains the active substance sonidegib . it is an anti - cancer medicine . what odomzo is used for odomzo is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called basal cell carcinoma . it is used when the cancer has spread locally and cannot be treated with surgery or radiation . how odomzo works the normal growth of cells is controlled by various chemical signals . in patients with basal cell carcinoma , changes occur to genes controlling a part of this process known as the " hedgehog pathway ". this switches on signals that make the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells .
rybelsus contains the active substance semaglutide . it is a medicine that is used to lower blood sugar levels . rybelsus is used to treat adults ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes when diet and exercise is not enough : on its own when you cannot use metformin ( another diabetes medicine ) or with other medicines for diabetes when the other medicines are not enough to control your blood sugar levels . these may be medicines you take by mouth or inject such as insulin . it is important that you continue with your diet and exercise plan as agreed with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body makes does not lower your blood sugar the way it should . in some cases , your body can produce too much blood sugar . if your blood sugar increases and remains high over a long period of time , this can lead to harmful effects such as heart problems , kidney disease , eye disorders and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
what is fosavance ? fosavance is a tablet containing the two active substances , alendronic acid ( commonly called alendronate ) and colecalciferol known as vitamin d3 . what is alendronate ? alendronate belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called bisphosphonates . alendronate prevents the loss of bone that occurs in women after they have been through the menopause , and helps to rebuild bone . it reduces the risk of spine and hip fractures . what is vitamin d ? vitamin d is an essential nutrient , required for calcium absorption and healthy bones . the body can only absorb calcium properly from our food if it has enough vitamin d . very few foods contain vitamin d . the main source is through exposure to summer sunlight , which makes vitamin d in our skin . as we get older our skin makes less vitamin d . too little vitamin d may lead to bone loss and osteoporosis . severe vitamin d deficiency may cause muscle weakness which can lead to falls and a greater risk of fractures . what is fosavance used for ? your doctor has prescribed fosavance to treat your osteoporosis and because you are at risk of vitamin d insufficiency . it reduces the risk of spine and hip fractures in women after menopause . what is osteoporosis ? osteoporosis is a thinning and weakening of the bones . it is common in women after the menopause . at the menopause , the ovaries stop producing the female hormone , oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , bone loss occurs and bones become weaker . the earlier a woman reaches the menopause , the greater the risk of osteoporosis . early on , osteoporosis usually has no symptoms . if left untreated , however , it can result in broken bones . although these usually hurt , breaks in the bones of the spine may go unnoticed until they cause height loss . broken bones can happen during normal , everyday activity , such as lifting , or from minor injury that would not generally break normal bone . broken bones usually occur at the hip , spine , or wrist and can lead not only to pain but also to considerable problems like stooped posture (' dowager ' s hump ') and loss of mobility . how can osteoporosis be treated ? as well as your treatment with fosavance , your doctor may suggest you make changes to your lifestyle to help your condition , such as : stopping smoking smoking appears to increase the rate at which you lose bone and , therefore , may increase your risk of broken bones . exercise like muscles , bones need exercise to stay strong and healthy . consult your doctor before you begin any exercise programme . eating a balanced diet your doctor can advise you about your diet or whether you should take any dietary supplements .
cayston contains the active substance aztreonam . caystonis an antibiotic used to suppress chronic lung infection caused by the bacteria pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis . cystic fibrosis , also known as mucoviscidosis , is a life - threatening inherited disease that affects the mucus glands of internal organs , especially the lungs , but also of the liver , pancreas , and the digestive system . cystic fibrosis in the lungs leads to clogging them with thick sticky mucus . this makes it hard to breathe .
what cotellic is cotellic is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cobimetinib . what cotellic is used for cotellic is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called melanoma , that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . ∑ it is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called vemurafenib . ∑ it can only be used in patients whose cancer has a change ( mutation ) in a protein called " braf ". before starting treatment , your doctor will test for this mutation . this change may have led to the development of melanoma . how cotellic works cotellic targets a protein called " mek " that is important in controlling cancer cell growth . when cotellic is used in combination with vemurafenib ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), it further slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
clopidogrel krka d . d . contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel krka d . d . is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel krka d . d . to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel krka d . d . and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel krka d . d . plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
adempas contains the active substance riociguat . riociguat is a type of medicine called a guanylate cyclase ( sgc )- stimulator . it works by widening the pulmonary arteries ( the blood vessels that connect the heart to the lungs ), making it easier for the heart to pump blood through the lungs . adempas can be used to treat adults with certain forms of pulmonary hypertension , a condition in which these blood vessels become narrowed , making it harder for the heart to pump blood through them and leading to high blood pressure in the vessels . because the heart must work harder than normal , people with pulmonary hypertension feel tired , dizzy and short of breath . by widening the narrowed arteries , adempas leads to an improvement in your ability to carry out physical activity . adempas is used in either of two types of pulmonary hypertension : chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( cteph ). in cteph , the blood vessels of the lung are blocked or narrowed with blood clots . adempas can be used for patients with cteph who cannot be operated on , or after surgery for patients in whom increased blood pressure in the lungs remains or returns . certain types of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ). in pah , the wall of the blood vessels of the lungs are thickened and the vessels become narrowed . adempas is only prescribed for certain forms of pah , i . e . idiopathic pah ( the cause of pah is unknown ), heritable pah and pah caused by connective tissue disease . your doctor will check this . adempas can be taken alone or together with certain other medicines used to treat pah .
mabcampath is used to treat patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ), a cancer of the lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used in patients for whom treatment combinations including fludarabine ( another medicine used in leukaemia ) are not appropriate . the active substance in mabcampath , alemtuzumab , is a monoclonal antibody . a monoclonal antibody is an antibody ( a type of protein ) that has been designed to recognise and bind to a specific structure ( called an antigen ) that is found in certain cells in the body . in cll , too many lymphocytes are produced . alemtuzumab has been designed to bind to a glycoprotein ( a protein that is coated with sugar molecules ) that is found on the surface of lymphocytes . as a result of this binding , the lymphocytes die , and this helps to control the cll .
this vaccine is indicated for active immunisation against hepatitis b virus infection caused by all known subtypes in individuals from birth through 15 years of age considered at risk of exposure to hepatitis b virus . it can be expected that hepatitis d will also be prevented by immunisation with hbvaxpro as hepatitis d does not occur in the absence of hepatitis b infection . the vaccine will not prevent infection caused by other agents such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c and hepatitis e and other pathogens known to infect the liver .
tresiba is a long - acting basal insulin called insulin degludec . it is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . tresiba helps your body reduce your blood sugar level . it is used for once - daily dosing . on occasions when you cannot follow your regular dosing schedule , you can change the time of dosing because tresiba has a long blood sugar - lowering effect ( see section 3 for ' flexibility in dosing time '). tresiba can be used with meal - related rapid - acting insulin products . in type 2 diabetes mellitus , tresiba may be used in combination with tablets for diabetes or with injectable antidiabetic medicines , other than insulin . in type 1 diabetes mellitus , tresiba must always be used in combination with meal - related rapid - acting insulin medicines .
imfinzi is used to treat a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ) in adults . it is used when your nsclc : has spread within your lung and cannot be removed by surgery , and has responded or stabilised after initial treatment with chemotherapy and radiotherapy . imfinzi contains the active substance durvalumab which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise a specific target substance in the body . imfinzi works by helping your immune system fight your cancer . if you have any questions about how imfinzi works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ofev contains the active substance nintedanib , a medicine belonging to the class of so - called tyrosine kinase inhibitors , and it is used for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis ( ipf ), other chronic fibrosing interstitial lung diseases ( ilds ) with a progressive phenotype and systemic sclerosis associated interstitial lung disease ( ssc - ild ) in adults . idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis ( ipf ) ipf is a condition in which the tissue in your lungs becomes thickened , stiff and scarred over time . as a result , scarring reduces the ability to transfer oxygen from the lungs into the bloodstream and it becomes difficult to breathe deeply . ofev helps to reduce scarring and stiffening of the lungs . other chronic fibrosing interstitial lung diseases ( ilds ) with a progressive phenotype besides ipf , there are other conditions in which the tissue in your lungs becomes thickened , stiff , and scarred over time ( lung fibrosis ) and keeps worsening ( progressive phenotype ). examples of these conditions are hypersensitivity pneumonitis , autoimmune ilds ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis associated ild ), idiopathic nonspecific interstitial pneumonia , unclassifiable idiopathic interstitial pneumonia , and other ilds . ofev helps to reduce further scarring and stiffening of the lungs . systemic sclerosis associated interstitial lung disease ( ssc - ild ) systemic sclerosis ( ssc ), also known as scleroderma , is a rare chronic autoimmune disease that affects connective tissue in many parts of the body . ssc causes fibrosis ( scarring and stiffening ) of the skin and other internal organs such as the lungs . when the lungs are affected by fibrosis , it is called interstitial lung disease ( ild ), and so the condition is called ssc - ild . fibrosis in the lungs reduces the ability to transfer oxygen into the bloodstream , and breathing capacity is reduced . ofev helps to reduce further scarring and stiffening of the lungs .
renvela contains sevelamer carbonate as the active substance . it binds phosphate from food in the digestive tract and so reduces serum phosphorus levels in the blood . this medicine is used to control hyperphosphataemia ( high blood phosphate levels ) in : adult patients on dialysis ( a blood clearance technique ). it can be used in patients undergoing haemodialysis ( using a blood filtration machine ) or peritoneal dialysis ( where fluid is pumped into the abdomen and an internal body membrane filters the blood ); patients with chronic ( long - term ) kidney disease who are not on dialysis and have a serum ( blood ) phosphorus level equal to or above 1 . 78 mmol / l . this medicine should be used with other treatments such as calcium supplements and vitamin d to prevent the development of bone disease . increased levels of serum phosphorus can lead to hard deposits in your body called calcification . these deposits can stiffen your blood vessels and make it harder for blood to be pumped around the body . increased serum phosphorus can also lead to itchy skin , red eyes , bone pain and fractures .
ipreziv contains an active substance called azilsartan medoxomil and belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ( aiiras ). angiotensin ii is a substance which occurs naturally in the body and which causes the blood vessels to tighten , therefore increasing your blood pressure . ipreziv blocks this effect so that the blood vessels relax , which helps lower your blood pressure . this medicine is used for treating high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ).
toviaz contains an active substance called fesoterodine fumarate , and is a so called antimuscarinic treatment which reduces the activity of an overactive bladder and it is used in adults to treat the symptoms . toviaz treats the symptoms of an overactive bladder such as not being able to control when you empty your bladder ( called urgency incontinence ) suddenly needing to empty your bladder ( called urgency ) having to empty your bladder more often than usual ( called increased urinary frequency )
the active substance in zometa is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
what cresemba is cresemba is an anti - fungal medicine that contains the active substance isavuconazole . how cresemba works isavuconazole works by killing or stopping the growth of the fungus , which causes the infection . what cresemba is used for cresemba is used in adults to treat the following fungal infections : - invasive aspergillosis , caused by a fungus in the ' aspergillus ' group ; - mucormycosis , caused by a fungus beloning to the ' mucorales ' group in patients for whom a treatment with amphotericin b is not appropriate .
infanrix hexa is a vaccine used to protect your child against six diseases : diphtheria : a serious bacterial infection that mainly affects the airways and sometimes the skin . the airways become swollen causing serious breathing problems and sometimes suffocation . the bacteria also release a poison . this can cause nerve damage , heart problems , and even death . tetanus : tetanus bacteria enter the body through cuts , scratches or wounds in the skin . wounds that are more likely to get tetanus infection are burns , fractures , deep wounds or wounds that have soil , dust , horse manure or wood splinters in them . the bacteria release a poison . this can cause muscle stiffness , painful muscle spasms , fits and even death . the muscle spasms can be strong enough to cause bone fractures of the spine . whooping cough ( pertussis ): a highly infectious illness that affects the airways . it causes severe coughing that may lead to problems with breathing . the coughing often has a " whooping " sound . the cough may last for one to two months or longer . whooping cough can also cause ear infections , chest infections ( bronchitis ) which may last a long time , lung infections ( pneumonia ), fits , brain damage and even death . hepatitis b : is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it makes the liver swollen . the virus is found in body fluids such as in the vagina , blood , semen or spit ( saliva ) of infected people . polio : a viral infection . polio is often only a mild illness . however , sometimes it can be very serious and cause permanent damage or even death . polio can make the muscles unable to move ( paralysis ). this includes the muscles needed for breathing and walking . the arms or legs affected by the disease may be painfully twisted ( deformed ). haemophilus influenzae type b ( hib ): can cause brain swelling ( inflammation ). this can lead to serious problems such as mental slowness ( retardation ), cerebral palsy , deafness , epilepsy or partial blindness . it can also cause swelling of the throat . this can cause death by suffocation . less 34 commonly , the bacteria can also infect the blood , heart , lungs , bones , joints , and tissues of the eyes and mouth . how infanrix hexa works infanrix hexa helps your child ' s body make its own protection ( antibodies ). this will protect your child against these diseases . as with all vaccines , infanrix hexa may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated . the vaccine cannot cause the diseases that it protects your child from .
what cystadrops is cystadrops is an eye drops solution that contains the active substance cysteamine ( also known as mercaptamine ). what it is used for it is used to reduce the quantity of cystine crystals in the surface of the eye ( cornea ) in adults and children from 2 years of age with cystinosis . what is cystinosis cystinosis is a rare hereditary disease in which the body is unable to remove excess cystine ( an amino acid ), causing cystine crystals to accumulate in various organs ( such as kidney and eyes ). accumulation of crystals in the eye can lead to increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ), corneal deterioration ( keratopathy ) and loss of vision .
eurartesim contains the active substances piperaquine tetraphosphate and artenimol . it is used to treat uncomplicated malaria when use of a medicine given by mouth is appropriate . malaria is caused by infection with a parasite called plasmodium , spread by the bite of an infected mosquito . there are different types of plasmodium parasite . eurartesim kills the plasmodium falciparum parasite . the medicine can be taken by adults , adolescents , children and infants over 6 months old who weigh 5 kilograms or more .
duloxetine boehringer ingelheim increases the levels of serotonin and noradrenaline in the nervous system . duloxetine boehringer ingelheim is used in adults to treat a condition called diabetic neuropathic pain ( often described as burning , stabbing , stinging , shooting or aching or like an electric shock . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or sensations such as touch , heat , cold or pressure may cause pain ). the effect of duloxetine boehringer ingelheim may be noticeable in many patients with diabetic neuropathic pain within 1 week of treatment .
levemir is a modern insulin ( insulin analogue ) with a long - acting effect . modern insulin products are improved versions of human insulin . levemir is used to reduce the high blood sugar level in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above with diabetes mellitus ( diabetes ). diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . levemir can be used with meal - related rapid acting insulin medicines . in treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus , levemir may also be used in combination with tablets for diabetes and / or with injectable anti - diabetic products , other than insulin . levemir has a long and steady blood - sugar - lowering action within 3 to 4 hours after injection . levemir provides up to 24 hours of basal insulin coverage .
flixabi contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . flixabi belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . flixabi is also used in adults and children 6 years of age or older for : crohn ' s disease ulcerative colitis . flixabi works by selectively attaching to tnf alpha and blocking its action . tnf alpha is involved in inflammatory processes of the body so blocking it can reduce the inflammation in your body . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given flixabi which you will take in combination with another medicine called methotrexate to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , 49 improve your physical function . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given flixabi to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the spine . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given flixabi to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . psoriasis psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , you will first be given other medicines or treatments , such as phototherapy . if these medicines or treatments do not work well enough , you will be given flixabi to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ulcerative colitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given flixabi to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given flixabi to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or surgery .
abasaglar contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . abasaglar is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . insulin glargine has a long and steady blood - sugar - lowering action .
bortezomib accord contains the active substance bortezomib , a so - called ' proteasome inhibitor '. proteasomes play an important role in controlling cell function and growth . by interfering with their function , bortezomib can kill cancer cells . bortezomib accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients older than 18 years : - alone or together with the medicines pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or dexamethasone , for patients whose disease is worsening ( progressive ) after receiving at least one prior treatment and for whom blood stem cell transplantation was not successful or is unsuitable . - in combination with the medicines melphalan and prednisone , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and are unsuitable for high - dose chemotherapy with blood stem cell transplantation . - in combination with the medicines dexamethasone or dexamethasone together with thalidomide , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and before receiving high - dose chemotherapy with blood stem cell transplantation ( induction treatment ). bortezomib accord is used for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma ( a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes ) in patients 18 years or older in combination with the medicines rituximab , cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is unsuitable .
novoseven is a blood coagulation factor . it works by making the blood clot at the site of bleeding , when the body ' s own clotting factors are not working . novoseven is used to treat bleeding , and to prevent excessive bleeding after surgery or other important treatments . early treatment with novoseven reduces how much you bleed and for how long . it works in all types of bleeds , including joint bleeds . this reduces the need for hospitalisation and days absent from work and school . it is used in certain groups of people : if you were born with haemophilia and do not respond normally to factors viii or ix treatment if you have acquired haemophilia if you have factor vii deficiency if you have glanzmann ' s thrombasthenia ( a bleeding disorder ) and your condition cannot be treated effectively with platelet transfusion , or if platelets are not readily available .
arava belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance leflunomide . arava is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anaemia ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
revestive contains the active substance teduglutide . it improves the absorption of nutrients and fluid from your child ' s remaining gastrointestinal tract ( gut ). revestive is used to treat children and adolescents ( aged 1 year and above ) with short bowel syndrome . short bowel syndrome is a disorder arising from an inability to absorb food nutrients and fluid across the gut . it is often caused by surgical removal of all or part of the small intestine .
ifirmacombi is a combination of two active substances , irbesartan and hydrochlorothiazide . irbesartan belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body that binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . hydrochlorothiazide is one of a group of medicines ( called thiazide diuretics ) that causes increased urine output and so causes a lowering of blood pressure . the two active ingredients in ifirmacombi work together to lower blood pressure further than if either was given alone . ifirmacombi is used to treat high blood pressure , when treatment with irbesartan or hydrochlorothiazide alone did not provide adequate control of your blood pressure .
what lorviqua is lorviqua contains the active substance lorlatinib , a medicine that is used for treatment of adults with advanced stages of a form of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ). lorviqua belongs to the group of medicines that inhibit an enzyme called anaplastic lymphoma kinase ( alk ). lorviqua is only given to patients who have an alteration in the alk gene , see how lorviqua works below . what lorviqua is used for lorviqua can be prescribed to you if - you have been previously treated with a medicine called alectinib or ceritinib , which are alk inhibitors ; or - you have been previously treated with crizotinib followed by another alk inhibitor . how lorviqua works lorviqua inhibits a type of enzyme called tyrosine kinase and triggers the death of cancer cells in patients with alterations in genes for alk . lorviqua is only given to patients whose disease is due to an alteration in the gene for alk tyrosine kinase . if you have any questions about how lorviqua works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
libtayo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cemiplimab , which is a monoclonal antibody . libtayo is used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma or cscc . libtayo works by helping your immune system fight your cancer .
ketek contains the active substance telithromycin . ketek is an antibiotic of the type macrolides . antibiotics stop the growth of bacteria which cause infections . ketek is used to treat infections due to bacteria against which the medicine is active . - in adults , ketek is used to treat infections of the throat , infections of the sinuses ( hollow cavities in the bones around the nose ) and chest infections in patients with long standing breathing difficulties and lung infection ( pneumonia ). - in adolescents of 12 years and older , ketek is used to treat infections of the throat .
tyverb is used to treat certain types of breast cancer ( her2 - overexpressing ) which have spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs ( advanced or metastatic breast cancer ). it may slow or stop cancer cells from growing , or may kill them . tyverb is prescribed to be taken in combination with another anti - cancer medicine . tyverb is prescribed in combination with capecitabine , for patients who have had treatment for advanced or metastatic breast cancer before . this previous treatment for metastatic breast cancer must have included trastuzumab . tyverb is prescribed in combination with trastuzumab , for patients who have hormone receptor - negative metastatic breast cancer and have had other treatment for advanced or metastatic breast cancer before . tyverb is prescribed in combination with an aromatase inhibitor , for patients with hormone sensitive metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that is more likely to grow in the presence of hormones ), who are not currently intended for chemotherapy . information about these medicines is described in separate patient information leaflets . ask your doctor to give you information about these other medicines .
aldara cream may be used for three different conditions . your doctor may prescribe aldara cream for the treatment of : warts ( condylomata acuminata ) on the surface of the genitals ( sexual organs ) and around the anus ( back passage ) superficial basal cell carcinoma . this is a common slow - growing form of skin cancer with a very small likelihood of spread to other parts of the body . it usually occurs in middle - aged and elderly people , especially those who are fair - skinned and is caused by too much sun exposure . if left untreated , basal cell carcinoma can disfigure , especially on the face therefore early recognition and treatment are important . actinic keratosis actinic keratoses are rough areas of skin found in people who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of their lifetime . some are skin coloured , others are greyish , pink , red or brown . they can be flat and scaly , or raised , rough , hard and warty . aldara should only be used for flat actinic keratoses on the face and scalp in patients with a healthy immune system where your doctor has decided that aldara is the most appropriate treatment for you . aldara cream helps your body ´ s own immune system to produce natural substances which help fight your basal cell carcinoma , actinic keratosis or the virus that has caused your warts .
how does nemdatine work nemdatine contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . nemdatine belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . nemdatine belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . nemdatine acts on these nmda - receptors improving the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . what is nemdatine used for nemdatine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
trazec is a medicine to lower blood sugar ( glucose ), which is taken by mouth ( these medicines are also known as oral anti - diabetics ). it is used by people with type 2 diabetes . ( this kind of diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus .) insulin is a substance produced by a body organ called the pancreas . it helps to decrease blood sugar levels , especially after meals . in patients with type 2 diabetes , the body may not start producing insulin quickly enough after meals . trazec works by stimulating the pancreas to produce insulin more quickly . this helps to keep the blood sugar controlled after meals . your doctor will prescribe trazec together with another oral anti - diabetic containing metformin . trazec tablets start to act quickly after you take them and are eliminated from the body rapidly .
truvada contains two active substances , emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat hiv infection . emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor and tenofovir is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor . however , both are generally known as nrtis and they work by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . truvada is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults it is also used to treat hiv in adolescents aged 12 to less than 18 years who weigh at least 35 kg , and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines that are no longer effective or have caused side effects . − truvada should always be used combined with other medicines to treat hiv infection . − truvada can be administered in place of emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil used separately at the same doses . people who are hiv positive can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . this medicine is not a cure for hiv infection . while taking truvada you may still develop infections or other illnesses associated with hiv infection . truvada is also used to reduce the risk of getting hiv - 1 infection in adults , and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 18 years who weigh at least 35 kg , when taken daily , together with safer sex practices : see section 2 for a list of precautions to take against hiv infection .
velphoro is a medicine that contains the active substance sucroferric oxyhydroxide , which is made up from iron , sugar ( sucrose ) and starches . velphoro is for use by adult patients who undergo haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis ( procedures to eliminate toxic substances from the blood ) because of chronic kidney disease ; it is used in order to help control the phosphorus level in their blood when it is too high ( hyperphosphataemia ). too much phosphorus in the blood can lead to calcium being deposited in tissues ( calcification ). this can result in stiffening of the blood vessels , making it harder for the blood to be pumped around the body . it may also lead to calcium deposits in soft tissues and bone causing effects such as red eyes , itchy skin and bone pain . velphoro works by binding phosphorus from food in your digestive tract ( stomach and intestines ). this reduces the amount of phosphorus that can be absorbed into the bloodstream and thus lowers phosphorus levels in your blood .
brintellix contains the active substance vortioxetine . it belongs to a group of medicines called antidepressants . brintellix is used to treat major depressive episodes in adults . brintellix has been shown to reduce the broad range of depressive symptoms , including sadness , inner tension ( feeling anxious ), sleep disturbances ( reduced sleep ), reduced appetite , difficulty in concentrating , feelings of worthlessness , loss of interest in favourite activities , feeling of being slowed down .
febuxostat krka tablets contain the active substance febuxostat and are used to treat gout , which is associated with an excess of a chemical called uric acid ( urate ) in the body . in some people , the amount of uric acid builds up in the blood and may become too high to remain soluble . when this happens , urate crystals may form in and around the joints and kidneys . these crystals can cause sudden , severe pain , redness , warmth and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). left untreated , larger deposits called tophi may form in and around joints . these tophi may cause joint and bone damage . febuxostat krka works by reducing uric acid levels . keeping uric acid levels low by taking febuxostat krka once every day stops crystals building up , and over time it reduces symptoms . keeping uric acid levels sufficiently low for a long enough period can also shrink tophi . febuxostat krka 120 mg tablets are also used to treat and prevent high blood levels of uric acid that may occur when you start to receive chemotherapy for blood cancers . when chemotherapy is given , cancer cells are destroyed , and uric acid levels increase in the blood accordingly , unless the formation of uric acid is prevented . febuxostat krka is for adults .
episalvan gel is a herbal medicinal product which contains dry extract from birch bark . it is used in adults for the treatment of skin wounds , resulting for example from grade 2a burn wounds or from surgical skin graft transplantation . there is no experience of the use of episalvan for the treatment of chronic wounds , e . g . diabetic foot ulcers or venous leg ulcers .
namuscla is a medicine that contains the active substance mexiletine . namuscla is used to treat the symptoms of myotonia ( when muscles relax slowly and with difficulty after they are used ) in adults with non - dystrophic myotonic disorders , which are caused by genetic defects that affect muscle function .
what is prezista ? prezista contains the active substance darunavir . prezista is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . prezista works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for ? prezista is used to treat hiv infected adults as well as hiv infected children of 3 years of age and above , and at least 15 kilogram body weight ( see how to take prezista ). prezista must be taken in combination with a low dose of cobicistat or ritonavir and other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
fortacin is a combination of two medicines : lidocaine and prilocaine . these belong to a group of medicines called local anaesthetics . fortacin is indicated for the treatment of lifelong premature ejaculation in adult men . it works by decreasing the sensitivity of the head of the penis to increase time before ejaculation .
duloxetine mylan contains the active substance duloxetine . duloxetine mylan increases the levels of serotonin and noradrenaline in the nervous system . duloxetine mylan is used in adults to treat : depression generalised anxiety disorder ( chronic feeling of anxiety or nervousness ) diabetic neuropathic pain ( often described as burning , stabbing , stinging , shooting or aching or like an electric shock . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or sensations such as touch , heat , cold or pressure may cause pain ) duloxetine mylan starts to work in most people with depression or anxiety within two weeks of starting treatment , but it may take 2 - 4 weeks before you feel better . tell your doctor if you do not start to feel better after this time . your doctor may continue to give you duloxetine mylan when you are feeling better to prevent your depression or anxiety from returning . in people with diabetic neuropathic pain it can take some weeks before you feel better . talk to your doctor if you do not feel better after 2 months .
imvanex is a vaccine used to prevent smallpox infection in adults . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection in the form of antibodies against the smallpox virus . imvanex does not contain smallpox virus ( variola ) and cannot spread or cause smallpox .
the active ingredient in blincyto is blinatumomab . this belongs to a group of medicines called antineoplastic agents which target cancer cells . blincyto is used to treat adults with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a cancer of the blood in which a particular kind of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte " is growing out of control . this medicine works by enabling your immune system to attack and destroy these abnormal white blood cancer cells . blincyto is used when acute lymphoblastic leukaemia has come back or has not responded to previous treatment ( referred to as relapsed / refractory acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ). it is also used in patients with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia who still have a small number of cancer cells remaining after previous treatment ( referred to as minimal residual disease ). blincyto is used to treat children (≥ 1 year old ), teenagers and young adults with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( all ) when previous treatments have not worked or have stopped working .
cufence is a medicine used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 5 years or older . it is for use by patients who cannot take another medicine , d - penicillamine , because of side effects . cufence contains the active substance trientine , a copper - chelating agent that is used to remove excess of copper from the body . cufence attaches to the copper , which is then passed from the body .
kyprolis is a medicine that contains the active substance carfilzomib . carfilzomib works by blocking the proteasome . the proteasome is a system within the cells that breaks down proteins when they are damaged or no longer needed . by preventing the breakdown of proteins in cancer cells , which are more likely to contain more abnormal proteins , kyprolis causes the death of cancer cells . kyprolis is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma who have had at least one previous treatment for this disease . multiple myeloma is a cancer of plasma cells ( a type of white blood cell ). kyprolis will be given to you together with lenalidomide and dexamethasone , or only with dexamethasone . lenalidomide and dexamethasone are other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma .
sprycel contains the active substance dasatinib . this medicine is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cml ) in adults , adolescents and children at least 1 year of age . leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . in people with cml , white cells called granulocytes start growing out of control . sprycel inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . sprycel is also used to treat philadelphia chromosome positive ( ph +) acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( all ) in adults , adolescents and children at least 1 year of age , and lymphoid blast cml in adults who are not benefiting from prior therapies . in people with all , white cells called lymphocytes multiply too quickly and live too long . sprycel inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
paliperidone janssen - cilag international contains the active substance paliperidone which belongs to the class of antipsychotic medicines and is used as a maintenance treatment for the symptoms of schizophrenia in adult patients stabilised on paliperidone or risperidone . if you have shown responsiveness to paliperidone or risperidone in the past and have mild to moderate symptoms your doctor may start treatment with paliperidone janssen - cilag international without prior stabilisation with paliperidone or risperidone . schizophrenia is a disease with " positive " and " negative " symptoms . positive means an excess of symptoms that are not normally present . for example , a person with schizophrenia may hear voices or see things that are not there ( called hallucinations ), believe things that are not true ( called delusions ), or feel unusually suspicious of others . negative means a lack of behaviours or feelings that are normally present . for example , a person with schizophrenia may appear withdrawn and may not respond at all emotionally or may have trouble speaking in a clear and logical way . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , or tense . paliperidone janssen - cilag international can help alleviate the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back .
what olysio is - olysio contains the active substance ' simeprevir '. it acts against the virus that causes hepatitis c infection , called ' hepatitis c virus ' ( hcv ). - olysio must not be used by itself . olysio must always be used as part of a course of treatment with other medicines for treating chronic hepatitis c infection . it is therefore important that you also read the package leaflets that are provided with these other medicines before you start taking olysio . if you have any further questions about any of these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what olysio is used for olysio is used with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . how olysio works olysio helps to fight against hepatitis c infection by preventing hcv from multiplying . when used together with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c infection , olysio helps to clear hcv from your body .
carmustine obvius is a medicine which contains carmustine . carmustine belongs to a group of anticancer medicines known as nitrosourea that act by slowing the growth of cancer cells . carmustine is effective in the following malignant neoplasms as a single agent or in combination with other antineoplastic agents and / or other therapeutic measures ( radiotherapy , surgery ): - brain tumours ( glioblastoma , brain - stem gliomas , medulloblastoma , astrocytoma and ependymoma ), brain metastases - secondary therapy in non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma and hodgkin ' s disease - as conditioning treatment prior to autologous haematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation ( hpct ) in malignant haematological diseases ( hodgkin ' s disease / non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ).
azilect contains the active substance rasagiline and it is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . azilect helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy . primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). levetiracetam hospira concentrate for solution for infusion is an alternative for patients when administration of the antiepileptic levetiracetam medicine by mouth is temporarily not feasible .
vizamyl contains the active substance flutemetamol ( 18f ) ) and is used to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease and other causes of memory loss . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . vizamyl is used to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease and other causes of memory loss . it is given to adults with memory problems before they undergo a type of brain scan called a positron - emission tomography ( pet ) scan . this scan , along with other brain function tests , can help your doctor determine whether or not you may have β - amyloid plaques in your brain . β - amyloid plaques are deposits sometimes present in the brains of people with dementias ( such as alzheimer ' s disease ). you should discuss the results of the test with the doctor that requested the scan . the use of vizamyl involves exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radiation .
rasagiline ratiopharm contains the active substance rasagiline and it is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . rasagiline ratiopharm helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain .
what zolgensma is zolgensma is a type of medicine called a ' gene therapy '. it contains the active ingredient onasemnogene abeparvovec which contains human genetic material . what zolgensma is used for zolgensma is used to treat babies and young children who have a rare , serious inherited condition called ' spinal muscular atrophy ' ( sma ). how zolgensma works sma occurs when there is a missing or abnormal version of a gene needed to make an essential protein called ' survival motor neuron ' ( smn ) protein . lack of smn protein causes nerves that control muscles ( motor neurons ) to die . this results in muscles becoming weak and wasting away , with eventual loss of movement . zolgensma works by supplying a fully functioning copy of the smn gene which then helps the body produce enough smn protein . the gene is delivered into the cells where it is needed using a modified virus that does not cause disease in humans .
modigraf contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney , heart ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . modigraf is used to control your body ' s immune response enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given modigraf for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ or if any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your transplantation . modigraf is used in adults and children .
chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant capsules contain a substance called chenodeoxycholic acid . this substance is normally produced by the liver from cholesterol . it is a part of the bile , a fluid which helps in the digestion of fat and vitamins from food . patients with a rare condition known as cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis ( ctx ) cannot produce chenodeoxycholic acid and this causes a build - up of fatty deposits in various areas of the body . this can cause damage to the affected areas . chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant capsules treats ctx by replacing the chenodeoxycholic acid , which prevents the build - up of the fatty deposits . chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant capsules can be used from the age of one month and patients with ctx will require treatment for the rest of their life .
zostavax is a vaccine used to prevent shingles ( zoster ) and zoster - related post - herpetic neuralgia ( phn ), the long - lasting nerve pain that follows shingles . zostavax is used to vaccinate individuals 50 years of age or older . zostavax cannot be used to treat existing shingles or the pain associated with existing shingles . disease information on shingles : what is shingles ? shingles is a painful , blistering rash . it usually occurs in one part of the body and can last for several weeks . it may lead to severe and long - lasting pain and scarring . less commonly , bacterial skin infections , weakness , muscle paralysis , loss of hearing or vision can occur . shingles is caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox . after you have had chickenpox , the virus that caused it stays in your body in nerve cells . sometimes , after many years , the virus becomes active again and causes shingles . what is phn ? after the shingles blisters heal , pain can last for months or years and may be severe . this long - lasting nerve pain is called post - herpetic neuralgia or phn .
avandia is used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . avandia helps to reduce your blood sugar towards a normal level , by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . avandia can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes ( such as metformin or a sulphonylurea ).
mulpleo contains the active substance lusutrombopag , which belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin receptor agonists . the medicine helps to increase the number of platelets in your blood . platelets are blood components that help the blood to clot and so prevent bleeding . mulpleo is used to reduce the risk of bleeding during surgery and other procedures ( including tooth extractions and endoscopy ). it is given to adults who have low numbers of platelets because of chronic liver disease .
what ajovy is ajovy is a medicine containing the active substance fremanezumab , a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . how ajovy works a substance in the body called calcitonin gene - related peptide ( cgrp ) plays an important role in migraine . fremanezumab attaches to cgrp and prevents it from working . this reduction in cgrp ' s activity reduces migraine attacks . what ajovy is used for ajovy is used to prevent migraine in adults who have at least 4 migraine days per month . what are the benefits of using ajovy ajovy reduces the frequency of migraine attacks and days with headache . this medicine also decreases the disability associated with migraine and it reduces the need for medicines used to treat migraine attacks .
neurobloc injection works by reducing or stopping muscle contractions . it contains the active ingredient ' botulinum toxin type b '. neurobloc is used to treat an illness called cervical dystonia ( torticollis ). this is where you have contractions of your neck or shoulder muscles that you cannot control .
trecondi contains the active substance treosulfan , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . treosulfan is used to prepare patients for bone marrow transplant ( haematopoietic stem cell transplantation ). treosulfan destroys the bone marrow cells and enables the transplant of new bone marrow cells which leads to the production of healthy blood cells . trecondi is used as a treatment before blood stem cell transplantation in adults with cancer and non - cancerous disorders , and in adolescents and children older than one month with cancer .
levetiracetam accord is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam accord is used on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : - partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age ; - myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy - primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
nulojix contains the active substance belatacept which belongs to a group of medicines called immunosuppressants . these are medicines that reduce the activity of the immune system , the body ' s natural defences . nulojix is used in adults to prevent the immune system from attacking your transplanted kidney and causing transplant rejection . it is used with other immunosuppressive medicines , including mycophenolic acid and corticosteroids . it is also recommended to administer an interleukin ( il )- 2 receptor antagonist during the first week after transplantation .
advate contains the active substance octocog alfa , human coagulation factor viii produced by recombinant dna technology . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleedings . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn lack of factor viii ), it is missing or not working properly . advate is used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients of all age groups with haemophilia a ( an inherited bleeding disorder caused by lack of factor viii ). advate is prepared without the addition of any human - or animal - derived protein in the entire manufacturing process .
what luveris is luveris is a medicine containing lutropin alfa , a recombinant luteinising hormone ( lh ) which is essentially similar to the hormone found naturally in humans , but is made by means of biotechnology . it belongs to the family of hormones called gonadotropins , which are involved in the normal control of reproduction . what luveris is used for luveris is recommended for the treatment of adult women who have been shown to produce very low levels of some of the hormones involved in the natural reproductive cycle . the medicine is used together with another hormone called follicle stimulating hormone , ( fsh ), to bring about the development of follicles , which are in the ovary , the structures maturing the eggs ( ova ). it is followed by treatment with a single dose of human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg ), which leads to the release of an egg from the follicle ( ovulation ).
the active ingredient of acomplia is rimonabant . it works by blocking specific receptors in the brain and fat tissues called cb1 receptors . acomplia is indicated in the treatment of obese or overweight patients with additional risk factors such as diabetes or high levels of fatty substances in the blood called lipids ( dyslipidaemia ; mainly cholesterol and triglycerides ) as adjunct to diet and exercise .
ibandronic acid accord contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid accord is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or radiotherapy . ibandronic acid accord can also be prescribed if you have a raised calcium level in your blood due to a tumour . ibandronic acid accord works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
dexdor contains an active substance called dexmedetomidine which belongs to a medicine group called sedatives . it is used to provide sedation ( a state of calm , drowsiness or sleep ) for adult patients in hospital intensive care settings or awake sedation during different diagnostic or surgical procedures .
nexium control contains the active substance esomeprazole . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' proton pump inhibitors '. they work by reducing the amount of acid that your stomach produces . this medicine is used in adults for the short - term treatment of reflux symptoms ( for example , heartburn and acid regurgitation ). reflux is the backflow of acid from the stomach into the gullet (" foodpipe ") which may become inflamed and painful . this may cause you symptoms such as a painful sensation in the chest rising up to your throat ( heartburn ) and a sour taste in the mouth ( acid regurgitation ). nexium control is not meant to bring immediate relief . you may need to take the tablets for 2 - 3 days in a row before you feel better . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 14 days .
optimark contains the active substance gadoversetamide . gadoversetamide is used as a ' contrast agent ' in magnetic resonance imaging . optimark is for diagnostic use , only . it is used in adult patients and children of two years and older , who are undergoing magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ), a type of scan where images of the internal organs are taken . optimark is used to obtain a clearer scan in patients who have or are thought to have abnormalities in the brain , spine or liver .
daliresp contains the active substance roflumilast , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called phosphodiesterase - 4 inhibitor . roflumilast reduces the activity of phosphodiesterase - 4 , a protein occurring naturally in body cells . when the activity of this protein is reduced , there is less inflammation in the lungs . this helps to stop narrowing of airways occurring in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). thus daliresp eases breathing problems . daliresp is used for maintenance treatment of severe copd in adults who in the past had frequent worsening of their copd symptoms ( so - called exacerbations ) and who have chronic bronchitis . copd is a chronic disease of the lungs that results in tightening of the airways ( obstruction ) and swelling and irritation of the walls of the small air passages ( inflammation ). this leads to symptoms such as coughing , wheezing , chest tightness or difficulty in breathing . daliresp is to be used in addition to bronchodilators .
neparvis is a medicine known as an angiotensin receptor neprilysin inhibitor . it dissociates into two active substances , sacubitril and valsartan . neparvis is used to treat a type of long - term heart failure in adults . this type of heart failure occurs when the heart is weak and cannot pump enough blood to the lungs and the rest of the body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are breathlessness , fatigue , tiredness and ankle swelling .
silapo contains a protein called epoetin zeta , that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin zeta is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin and acts in the same way . silapo is used in adults , children and adolescents on haemodialysis to treat symptomatic anaemia ( low red blood cell counts ) associated with chronic renal failure ( kidney disease ). in adult patients on peritoneal dialysis to treat symptomatic anaemia associated with chronic renal failure ( kidney disease ). in adult patients with renal insufficiency not yet on dialysis to treat severe anaemia associated with kidney disease accompanied by clinical symptoms . in adult patients receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma ( cancer of the lymphatic system ) or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) to treat anaemia and reduce the need for a blood transfusion , if the doctor decides there may be a high risk for needing for a blood transfusion . in moderately anaemic patients who are going to have surgery and prior to it , donate blood so that their own blood can be given to them during or after surgery ( autologous pre - donation ). in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions . in anaemic adult patients with myelodysplastic syndrome to reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
inhixa contains the active substance called enoxaparin sodium that is a low molecular weight heparin ( lmwh ). inhixa works in two ways . 1 ) stopping existing blood clots from getting any bigger . this helps your body to break them down and stop them causing you harm . 2 ) stopping blood clots forming in your blood . inhixa can be used to : treat blood clots that are in your blood stop blood clots from forming in your blood in the following situations : o before and after an operation o when you have an acute illness and face period of limited mobility o when you have unstable angina ( a condition when not enough blood gets to your heart ) o after a heart attack stop blood clots forming in the tubes of your dialysis machine ( used for people with severe kidney problems ).
the active substance of prometax is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , prometax allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . prometax is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
spherox consists of so - called spheroids . a spheroid looks like a tiny pearl made of cartilage cells and cartilage material derived from your own body . cartilage tissue is present in every joint as a hard smooth layer on the surface of bone ends . it protects the bones and allows our joints to work smoothly . to make the spheroids , a small cartilage sample is taken from part of one of your joints during a minor operation , and then grown in the laboratory to make the medicine . by surgery the spheroids are implanted to the defected cartilage area and stick to the defect site . they are then expected to repair the defect with healthy and functional cartilage over time . spherox is used to repair cartilage defects of knee in adults . these defects can be caused by acute injury , such as a fall . they can also be caused by repetitive injury , such as long - term incorrect weight bearing on the joint . spherox is used to treat defects up to 10 cm² in size .
onglyza contains the active substance saxagliptin , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' oral anti - diabetics '. they work by helping to control the level of sugar in your blood . onglyza is used for adult patients aged 18 years and older with ' type 2 diabetes ', if the disease cannot be adequately controlled with one oral anti - diabetic medicine , diet and exercise . onglyza is used alone or together with insulin or other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor or nurse .
pregabalin sandoz belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
cyanokit contains the active substance hydroxocobalamin . cyanokit is an antidote for the treatment of known or suspected cyanide poisoning in all age ranges . cyanokit is to be administered together with appropriate decontamination and supportive measures . cyanide is a highly poisonous chemical . cyanide poisoning may be caused by exposure to smoke from household and industrial fires , breathing or swallowing cyanide , or contact with cyanide on skin .
controloc control contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the ' pump ' that produces stomach acid . hence it reduces the amount of acid in your stomach . controloc control is used for the short - term treatment of reflux symptoms ( for example heartburn , acid regurgitation ) in adults . reflux is the backflow of acid from the stomach into the gullet (" foodpipe "), which may become inflamed and painful . this may cause you symptoms such as a painful burning sensation in the chest rising up to the throat ( heartburn ) and a sour taste in the mouth ( acid regurgitation ). you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with controloc control , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may be necessary to take the tablets for 2 - 3 consecutive days to relieve the symptoms . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 2 weeks .
zyclara 3 . 75 % cream contains the active substance imiquimod , which is an immune response modifier ( to stimulate the human immune system ). this medicine is prescribed for the treatment of actinic keratosis in adults . this medicine stimulates your body ' s own immune system to produce natural substances which help fight your actinic keratosis . actinic keratosis appears as rough areas of skin found in people who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of their lifetime . these areas can be the same colour as your skin or are greyish , pink , red or brown . they can be flat and scaly , or raised , rough , hard and warty . this medicine should only be used for actinic keratosis on the face or scalp if your doctor has decided that it is the most appropriate treatment for you .
vimizim contains an enzyme called elosulfase alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement therapies . it is used to treat adults and children with mucopolysaccharidosis type iva ( mps iva disease , also known as morquio a syndrome ). people with mps iva disease either lack completely or do not have enough n - acetylgalactosamine - 6 - sulfatase , an enzyme which breaks down specific substances in the body such as keratan sulphate , which are found in many tissues of the body , including cartilage and bone . as a result , these substances do not get broken down and processed by the body as they should . they accumulate in the tissues interfering with their normal function and causing the symptoms of mps iva , such as difficulty walking , trouble breathing , short height , and hearing loss . how vimizim works this medicine replaces the natural enzyme n - acetylgalactosamine - 6 - sulfatase which is lacking in mps iva patients . treatment has been shown to improve walking and to reduce the levels of keratan sulphate in the body . this medicine may improve the symptoms of mps iva .
kinzalkomb is a combination of two active substances , telmisartan and hydrochlorothiazide in one tablet . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . - telmisartan belongs to a group of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow thus increasing your blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . - hydrochlorothiazide belongs to a group of medicines called thiazide diuretics , which cause your urine output to increase , leading to a lowering of your blood pressure . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . kinzalkomb is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when telmisartan is used alone .
what betaferon is betaferon is a type of medicine known as interferon used to treat multiple sclerosis . interferons are proteins produced by the body that help fight against attacks on the immune system such as viral infections . how betaferon works multiple sclerosis ( ms ) is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( cns ), particularly the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the cns and stops the nerves from working properly . this is called demyelination . the exact cause of ms is unknown . an abnormal response by the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important part in the process which damages the cns . the damage to the cns can occur within an ms attack ( relapse ). it can cause disability temporarily , such as difficulty walking . symptoms may disappear completely or partly . interferon beta - 1b has been shown to change the response of the immune system and to help to reduce disease activity . how betaferon helps fight your disease single clinical event indicating a high risk of developing multiple sclerosis : betaferon has been shown to delay progression to definite multiple sclerosis . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : people with relapsing - remitting ms have occasional attacks or relapses during which symptoms become noticeably worse . betaferon has been shown to cut down the number of attacks and make them less severe . it reduces the number of hospital stays due to the disease and prolongs the time without relapses . secondary progressive multiple sclerosis : in some cases people with relapsing - remitting ms find that their symptoms increase and they progress to another form of ms called secondary progressive ms . with this , people find themselves becoming increasingly impaired , whether or not they have relapses . betaferon can reduce the number and severity of the attacks , and slow the progression of disability . what betaferon is used for betaferon is for use in patients who have experienced symptoms for the first time which indicate a high risk of developing multiple sclerosis . your doctor will rule out any other reasons which could explain these symptoms before you are treated . who suffer from relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis , with at least two relapses within the last two years . who suffer from secondary progressive multiple sclerosis with active disease shown by relapses .
efficib contains two different medicines called sitagliptin and metformin . sitagliptin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) metformin belongs to a class of medicines called biguanides . they work together to control blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . along with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower your blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
vfend contains the active substance voriconazole . vfend is an antifungal medicine . it works by killing or stopping the growth of the fungi that cause infections . it is used for the treatment of patients ( adults and children over the age of 2 ) with : invasive aspergillosis ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ), candidaemia ( another type of fungal infection due to candida sp ) in non - neutropenic patients ( patients without abnormally low white blood cells count ), serious invasive candida sp . infections when the fungus is resistant to fluconazole ( another antifungal medicine ), serious fungal infections caused by scedosporium sp . or fusarium sp . ( two different species of fungi ). vfend is intended for patients with worsening , possibly life - threatening , fungal infections . prevention of fungal infections in high risk bone marrow transplant recipients . this product should only be taken under the supervision of a doctor .
olanzapine glenmark europe contains the active substance olanzapine . olanzapine glenmark europe belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . olanzapine glenmark europe is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria olanzapine glenmark europe has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
lantus contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . lantus is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . insulin glargine has a long and steady blood - sugar - lowering action .
suliqua is an injectable diabetes medicine that contains two active substances : insulin glargine : a long - acting type of insulin which helps control blood sugar ( glucose ) throughout the day . lixisenatide : a " glp - 1 analogue " that helps the body produce its own additional insulin in response to increases in blood sugar , and slows the absorption of sugar from foods suliqua is used to treat adults with type 2 diabetes , to help control blood sugar levels when they are too high . it is given , with metformin , when other medicines are not enough on their own to control your blood sugar levels . if you use another anti diabetic medicine , discuss with your doctor whether , you should stop using that medicine when starting suliqua .
levitra contains vardenafil , a member of a class of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . they are used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men , a condition which implies difficulties in getting or keeping an erection . at least one in ten men has trouble getting or keeping an erection at some time . there may be physical or psychological causes , or a mixture of both . whatever the cause is , due to muscle and blood vessel changes not enough blood stays in the penis to make it hard and keep it hard . levitra will only work when you are sexually stimulated . it reduces the action of the natural chemical in your body which makes erections go away . levitra allows an erection to last long enough for you to satisfactorily complete sexual activity .
what nexobrid is nexobrid contains a mixture of enzymes called " concentrate of proteolytic enzymes enriched in bromelain ", which is produced from an extract from the stem of the pineapple plant . what nexobrid is used for nexobrid is used in adult patients to remove burnt tissue from deep or partially deep burn wounds of the skin . using nexobrid may reduce the need for , or the extent of , surgical removal of burnt tissue and / or skin transplantation .
savene contains the active substance dexrazoxane , which acts as an antidote to anti - cancer medicines called anthracyclines . most anti - cancer medicines are administered intravenously ( into a vein ). occasionally an accident occurs and the medicine is infused outside the vein and into the surrounding tissue or leaks from the vein into the surrounding tissue . this event is called extravasation . it is a serious complication as it can cause severe tissue damage . savene is used to treat anthracyline extravasation in adults . it can reduce the amount of tissue damage caused by anthracycline extravasation .
ketoconazole hra is a medicine that contains the active substance ketoconazole . it is used to treat endogenous cushing ' s syndrome ( when the body produces an excess of cortisol ) in adults and adolescents above the age of 12 years . cushing ' s syndrome is caused by overproduction of a hormone called cortisol which is produced by the adrenal glands . ketoconazole hra is able to block the activity of the enzymes responsible for the synthesis of cortisol and consequently is able to decrease the over - production of cortisol by your body and to improve the symptoms of cushing ' s syndrome .
what rozlytrek is rozlytrek is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance entrectinib . what rozlytrek is used for rozlytrek is used to treat either : adults and children 12 years of age and older with solid tumour ( cancer ) in various parts of the body that is caused by a change in the neurotrophic tyrosine receptor kinase ( ntrk ) gene , or adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( nsclc ) that is caused by a change in the ros1 gene . ntrk gene fusion - positive solid tumour cancer it is used when : a test has shown that your cancer cells have a change in genes called ' ntrk ' and has spread within the affected organ or to other organs in your body or if surgery to remove the cancer is likely to result in severe complications ( see ' how rozlytrek works ' below ), and you have not received treatment with medicines called ntrk inhibitors other treatments have not worked or are not suitable for you . ros1 - positive non - small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ) it is used if your lung cancer : is ' ros1 - positive ' this means that your cancer cells have a change in a gene called ' ros1 ' ( see ' how rozlytrek works ' below ), has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and you have not received treatment with medicines called ros1 inhibitors . how rozlytrek works rozlytrek works by blocking the action of abnormal enzymes caused by a change in the ntrk or ros1 genes that make them . the faulty enzymes encourage the cancer cells to grow . rozlytrek may slow down or stop the cancer growing . it may also help to shrink your cancer .
trixeo aerosphere contains three active substances : formoterol fumarate dihydrate , glycopyrronium , and budesonide . formoterol fumarate dihydrate and glycopyrronium belong to a group of medicines called ' bronchodilators '. they work in different ways to prevent tightening of the muscles around the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . budesonide belongs to a group of medicines called ' corticosteroids '. these work by reducing inflammation in your lungs . trixeo aerosphere is an inhaler that is used for adults with a lung disease called ' chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ' ( or ' copd '), a long - term disease of the airways in the lungs . trixeo aerosphere is used to make breathing easier and improve symptoms of copd such as shortness of breath , wheezing and cough . trixeo aerosphere can also prevent flare - ups ( exacerbations ) of copd . trixeo aerosphere delivers the active substances into your lungs as you breathe in . if you use this medicine regularly twice a day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
corlentor ( ivabradine ) is a heart medicine used to treat : - symptomatic stable angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 70 beats per minute . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take heart medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with beta - blockers in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with a beta - blocker . - chronic heart failure in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 75 beats per minute . it is used in combination with standard therapy , including beta - blocker therapy or when beta - blockers are contraindicated or not tolerated . about stable angina pectoris ( usually referred to as " angina "): stable angina is a heart disease which happens when the heart does not receive enough oxygen . it usually appears between 40 and 50 years of age . the most common symptom of angina is chest pain or discomfort . angina is more likely to happen when the heart beats faster in situations such as exercise , emotion , exposure to the cold or after eating . this increase in heart rate can cause the chest pain in people who suffer from angina . about chronic heart failure : chronic heart failure is a heart disease which happens when your heart cannot pump enough blood to the rest of your body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are breathlessness , fatigue , tiredness and ankle swelling . how does corlentor work ? corlentor mainly works by reducing the heart rate by a few beats per minute . this lowers the heart ' s need for oxygen especially in the situations when an angina attack is more likely to happen . in this way corlentor helps to control and reduce the number of angina attacks . furthermore as elevated heart rate adversely affects the heart functioning and vital prognosis in patients with chronic heart failure , the specific heart rate lowering action of ivabradine helps to improve the heart functioning and vital prognosis in these patients .
what azacitidine celgene is azacitidine celgene is an anti - cancer agent which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites '. azacitidine celgene contains the active substance ' azacitidine '. what azacitidine celgene is used for azacitidine celgene is used in adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia ( cmml ). acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene works by preventing cancer cells from growing . azacitidine becomes incorporated into the genetic material of cells ( ribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( dna )). it is thought to work by altering the way the cell turns genes on and off and also by interfering with the production of new rna and dna . these actions are thought to correct problems with the maturation and growth of young blood cells in the bone marrow that cause myelodysplastic disorders , and to kill cancerous cells in leukaemia . talk to your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
the active substance of nimvastid is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , nimvastid allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . nimvastid is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
this medicine is prescribed to you because you have anaemia caused by your chronic kidney disease and associated whith typical symptoms , such as tiredness , weakness and shortness of breath . this means that you have too few red blood cells and your haemoglobin level is too low ( your body ' s tissues might not receive enough oxygen ). mircera is indicated to treat only the symptomatic anaemia caused by chronic kidney disease . its use is limited to adult patients ( aged 18 years or older ). mircera is a medicine produced by gene - technology . like the natural hormone erythropoietin , mircera increases the number of red blood cells and haemoglobin level in your blood .
what praluent is praluent contains the active substance alirocumab . praluent is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of specialised protein designed to attach to a target substance in the body ). monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . alirocumab binds to pcsk9 . how praluent works praluent helps lower your levels of " bad " cholesterol ( also called " ldl cholesterol "). praluent blocks a protein called pcsk9 . pcsk9 is a protein secreted by liver cells . " bad " cholesterol is normally removed from your blood by binding to specific " receptors " ( docking stations ) in your liver . pcsk9 lowers the number of these receptors in the liver this causes your " bad " cholesterol to be higher than it should . by blocking pcsk9 , praluent increases the number of receptors available to help remove the " bad " cholesterol this lowers your " bad " cholesterol levels . what praluent is used for adults with high cholesterol levels in their blood ( hypercholesterolaemia [ heterozygous familial and non - familial ] or mixed dyslipidaemia ). adults with high cholesterol levels in their blood and with cardiovascular disease to reduce cardiovascular risk . it is given : - together with a statin ( a commonly used medicine that treats high cholesterol ) or other cholesterol lowering medicines , if the maximum dose of a statin does not lower levels of cholesterol sufficiently or , - alone or together with other cholesterol lowering medicines when statins are not tolerated or cannot be used . continue to follow your cholesterol - lowering diet while taking this medicine .
myfenax is a medicine that is used to suppress immune activity . the active substance in this medicine is called mycophenolate mofetil . myfenax is used to prevent your body rejecting a transplanted kidney , heart or liver . it is used in combination with other medicines with a similar function ( i . e . ciclosporin and corticosteroids ).
imprida tablets contain two substances called amlodipine and valsartan . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . amlodipine belongs to a group of substances called " calcium channel blockers ". amlodipine stops calcium from moving into the blood vessel wall which stops the blood vessels from tightening . valsartan belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is produced by the body and makes the blood vessels tighten , thus increasing the blood pressure . valsartan works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this means that both of these substances help to stop the blood vessels tightening . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . imprida is used to treat high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough with either amlodipine or valsartan on its own .
ilumetri contains the active substance tildrakizumab . tildrakizumab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 23 , a substance found in the body which is involved in normal inflammatory and immune responses and which is present at increased levels in diseases such as psoriasis . ilumetri is used to treat a skin condition called plaque psoriasis , in adults with moderate to severe disease . using ilumetri will benefit you by improvements of skin clearance and reducing your symptoms .
flucelvax tetra is a vaccine against flu ( influenza ). flucelvax tetra is prepared in cell cultures , and , therefore , is egg - free . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the influenza virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . flucelvax tetra is used to prevent flu in adults and children from 9 years of age . the vaccine targets four strains of influenza virus following the recommendations by the world health organisation for the 2020 / 2021 season .
what pecfent is pecfent contains fentanyl , which is a strong pain - relieving medicine known as an opioid pain killer . what pecfent is used for pecfent is used in adults with cancer for a type of pain called ' breakthrough ' pain . breakthrough pain comes on suddenly . it comes on even though you have taken your usual opioid pain killer ( such as morphine , fentanyl , oxycodone or hydromorphone ) to control your constant background pain . pecfent is only to be used by adults who are already taking other opioid medicines daily for their constant cancer pain . how pecfent works pecfent is a nasal spray , solution when you spray pecfent into your nose the very small spray droplets form a thin gel . fentanyl is absorbed quickly through the lining of your nose and into the blood stream . this means the medicine gets into your system quickly to relieve your breakthrough pain .
nuedexta is a combination of two active substances : dextromethorphan acts on the brain . quinidine increases the amount of dextromethorphan in your body , by blocking the breakdown of dextromethorphan by the liver . nuedexta is used for the treatment of pseudobulbar affect ( pba ) in adults . pba is a neurological condition characterized by involuntary and uncontrollable episodes of laughing and / or crying , which don ' t match your emotional state or mood . nuedexta can help reduce how often you have episodes of pba .
dynastat contains the active substance parecoxib . dynastat is used for the short - term treatment of pain in adults after an operation . it is one of a family of medicines called cox - 2 inhibitors ( this is short for cyclo - oxygenase - 2 inhibitors ). pain and swelling are sometimes caused by substances in the body called prostaglandins . dynastat works by lowering the amount of these prostaglandins .
humalog is used to treat diabetes . humalog works more quickly than normal human insulin because the insulin molecule has been changed slightly . you get diabetes if your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the level of glucose in your blood . humalog is a substitute for your own insulin and is used to control glucose in the long term . it works very quickly and lasts a shorter time than soluble insulin ( 2 to 5 hours ). you should normally use humalog within 15 minutes of a meal . your doctor may tell you to use humalog as well as a longer - acting insulin . each kind of insulin comes with another patient information leaflet to tell you about it . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . be very careful if you do change insulin . humalog is suitable for use in adults and children .
what neoclarityn is neoclarityn contains desloratadine which is an antihistamine . how neoclarityn works neoclarityn is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you drowsy . it helps control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . when neoclarityn should be used neoclarityn relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include sneezing , runny or itchy nose , itchy palate , and itchy , red or watery eyes . neoclarityn is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with urticaria ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and hives . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
clopidogrel dura contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
pandemic influenza vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) in an officially declared pandemic . it is used in children and adolescents 12 months to less than 18 years of age . pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how pandemic influenza vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca works pandemic influenza vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is similar to fluenz tetra ( a nasal influenza vaccine containing four strains ), except pandemic influenza vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca provides protection against a single influenza strain in an officially declared pandemic . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the influenza virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . pandemic influenza vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca vaccine virus is grown in chicken eggs . the influenza strain used for the vaccine in an offically declared pandemic is recommended by the world health organisation .
imatinib medac is a medicine containing an active substance called imatinib . this medicine works by inhibiting the growth of abnormal cells in the diseases listed below . these include some types of cancer . imatinib medac is a treatment for adults and children and adolescents for : chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cml ) in blast crisis . leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . imatinib medac inhibits the growth of these cells . blast crisis is the most advanced stage of this disease . philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ph - positive all ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . imatinib medac inhibits the growth of these cells . imatinib medac is also a treatment for children and adolescents for : newly diagnosed cml for whom bone marrow transplantation is not considered as the first line of treatment ; cml in the chronic phase after failure of interferon - alpha therapy , or in the accelerated phase . accelerated phase is an intermediate phase among the chronic phase and the onset of blast crisis ; it is considered as the first manifestation of resistance to therapy . imatinib medac is also a treatment for adults for : myelodysplastic / myeloproliferative diseases ( mds / mpd ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . imatinib medac inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named eosinophils ) start growing out of control . imatinib medac inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( dfsp ). dfsp is a cancer of the tissue beneath the skin in which some cells start growing out of control . imatinib medac inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how imatinib medac works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
betmiga contains the active substance mirabegron . it is a bladder muscle relaxant ( a so called beta 3 - adrenoceptor agonist ), which reduces the activity of an overactive bladder and treats the related symptoms . betmiga is used to treat the symptoms of an overactive bladder in adults such as : - suddenly needing to empty your bladder ( called urgency ) - having to empty your bladder more than usual ( called increased urinary frequency ) - not being able to control when to empty your bladder ( called urgency incontinence )
somatropin biopartners contains human growth hormone , also called somatropin . growth hormone regulates the growth and development of cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with a lack ( deficiency ) of growth hormone who - already had growth hormone deficiency when they were children or - do not have enough growth hormone during adulthood .
fareston contains the active substance toremifene , an anti - estrogen . fareston is used for the treatment of a certain type of breast tumour in women who have had their menopause .
terrosa contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to make the bones stronger , and to reduce the risk of fractures by stimulating bone formation . terrosa is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also common in patients receiving medicines called corticosteroids .
sunosi contains the active substance solriamfetol . solriamfetol , increases the amount of the natural substances dopamine and norepinephrine in your brain . sunosi helps you to stay awake and to feel less sleepy . it is used in adults with narcolepsy , a condition that causes you to suddenly and unexpectedly feel very sleepy at any time . some patients with narcolepsy also have symptoms of cataplexy ( when muscles become weak in response to emotions such as anger , fear , laughter or surprise , sometimes leading to collapse ). to improve wakefulness and reduce excessive daytime sleepiness ( eds ) in adult patients with obstructive sleep apnoea ( osa ) whose eds has not been satisfactorily treated by primary osa therapy , such as continuous positive airway pressure ( cpap ).
rinvoq contains the active substance upadacitinib . it belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors , which help reduce inflammation . rinvoq is used to treat adults with rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease that causes inflamed joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other medicines , one of which will usually be methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given rinvoq either alone or in combination with methotrexate to treat your rheumatoid arthritis . rinvoq works by reducing the activity of an enzyme in the body called ' janus kinase '. by reducing the activity of this enzyme , rinvoq can help to reduce pain , stiffness and swelling in your joints , reduce tiredness and it can slow down damage to the bone and cartilage in your joints . these effects can ease your normal daily activities and so improve your quality of life .
what is natpar ? natpar is a hormone replacement for adults with under - active parathyroid glands , a condition known as ' hypoparathyroidism '. hypoparathyroidism is a disease caused by low levels of parathyroid hormone , which is produced by the parathyroid glands in the neck . this hormone controls the amount of calcium and phosphate in the blood and urine . if your levels of parathyroid hormone are too low , you can have low blood calcium . low calcium can cause symptoms in many parts of your body , including the bones , heart , skin , muscles , kidneys , brain and nerves . for a list of symptoms of low calcium , see section 4 . natpar is a synthetic form of parathyroid hormone that helps you keep calcium and phosphate levels in your blood and urine at a normal level .
prevenar 13 is a pneumococcal vaccine given to : children from 6 weeks to 17 years to help protect against diseases such as : meningitis ( inflammation around the brain ), sepsis or bacteraemia ( bacteria in the blood stream ), pneumonia ( lung infection ) and ear infections adults aged 18 years and older to help prevent disease such as : pneumonia ( lung infection ), sepsis or bacteraemia ( bacteria in the blood stream ) and meningitis ( inflammation around the brain ), caused by 13 types of the bacteria streptococcus pneumoniae . prevenar 13 , provides protection against 13 types of streptococcus pneumoniae bacteria , and replaces prevenar , which provided protection against 7 types . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own antibodies , which protect you or your child against these diseases .
integrilin is an inhibitor of platelet aggregation . this means that it helps to prevent blood clots from forming . it is used in adults with manifestation of severe coronary insufficiency defined as spontaneous and recent chest pain with electrocardiographic abnormalities or biological changes . it is usually given with aspirin and unfractionated heparin .
cegfila contains the active substance pegfilgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . cegfila is used in adult patients to reduce the duration of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you cegfila to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
olumiant contains the active substance baricitinib . it belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors , which help to reduce inflammation . olumiant is used to treat adults with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis , an inflammatory disease of the joints , if previous therapy did not work well enough or was not tolerated . olumiant can be used alone or together with some other medicines , such as methotrexate . olumiant works by reducing the activity of an enzyme in the body called ' janus kinase ', which is involved in inflammation . by reducing the activity of this enzyme , olumiant helps to reduce pain , stiffness and swelling in your joints , tiredness , and helps to slow damage to the bone and cartilage in the joints . these effects can help you to do normal daily activities and so improve the health - related quality of life for patients with rheumatoid arthritis .
this medicine contains two different substances called dapagliflozin and metformin . both belong to a group of medicines called oral anti - diabetics . these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . ebymect is used for a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes " in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) and usually occurs when you are older . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . dapagliflozin works by removing excess sugar from your body via your urine and lowers the amount of sugar in your blood . it can also help prevent heart disease . metformin works mainly by inhibiting glucose production in the liver . to treat diabetes : this medicine is taken in combination with diet and exercise . this medicine is used if your diabetes cannot be controlled with other medicines used to treat diabetes . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine on its own or together with other medicines to treat diabetes . this may be another medicine taken by mouth and / or a medicine given by injection , such as insulin or a glp - 1 receptor agonist ( helps your body to increase the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high ). if you are already taking both dapagliflozin and metformin as single tablets , your doctor may ask you to switch to this medicine . to avoid overdose , do not continue taking dapagliflozin and metformin tablets , if you are taking ebymect . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
sialanar is a medicine that contains the active substance glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines known as quaternary ammonium anticholinergics , which are agents that block or reduce the transmission between nerve cells . this reduced transmission can de - activate the cells that produce saliva . sialanar is used to treat excessive production of saliva ( sialorrhoea ) in children and adolescents aged 3 years and older . sialorrhoea ( drooling or excessive salivation ) is a common symptom of many diseases of the nerves and muscles . it is mostly caused by poor control of muscles in the face . acute sialorrhoea may be associated with inflammation , dental infections or infections of the mouth . sialanar acts on the salivary glands to reduce production of saliva .
the name of your medicine is trevaclyn . it contains two different active substances : nicotinic acid , a lipid modifying medicine , and laropiprant , which reduces symptoms of flushing , a common side effect of nicotinic acid . how trevaclyn works trevaclyn is used in addition to diet to lower your ' bad ' cholesterol level . it does this by lowering the levels of total cholesterol , ldl cholesterol , fatty substances called triglycerides and apo b ( a part of ldl ) in the blood ; to raise levels of ' good ' cholesterol ( hdl cholesterol ) and apo a - i ( a part of hdl ). what should i know about cholesterol and triglycerides ? cholesterol is one of several fats found in your blood . your total cholesterol is made up mainly of ' bad ' ( ldl ) and ' good ' ( hdl ) cholesterol . ldl cholesterol is often called ' bad ' cholesterol because it can build up in the walls of your arteries and form plaque . over time , this plaque build - up can lead to a clogging of your arteries . this clogging can slow or block blood flow to vital organs such as the heart and brain . when the blood flow is blocked , the result can be a heart attack or stroke . hdl cholesterol is often called ' good ' cholesterol because it helps keep the ' bad ' cholesterol from building up in the arteries and because it protects against heart disease . triglycerides are another fat in your blood . they may raise your risk of having heart problems . in most people , at first there are no signs of cholesterol problems . your doctor can measure your cholesterol with a simple blood test . visit your doctor regularly to keep track of your cholesterol and discuss your goals with your doctor . trevaclyn is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolaemia or mixed dyslipidaemia : when you cannot control your cholesterol levels with a statin alone ( class of cholesterol - lowering medicines working in the liver ); 31 when you cannot tolerate a statin or when a statin is not recommended for you . patients with combined mixed dyslipidaemia have high blood levels of ' bad ' ldl cholesterol and triglycerides ( a type of fat ), and low levels of ' good ' hdl cholesterol . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of cholesterol in the blood are high . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any identifiable cause .
the name of your medicine is tredaptive . it contains two different active substances : nicotinic acid , a lipid modifying medicine , and laropiprant , which reduces symptoms of flushing , a common side effect of nicotinic acid . how tredaptive works tredaptive is used in addition to diet to lower your ' bad ' cholesterol level . it does this by lowering the levels of total cholesterol , ldl cholesterol , fatty substances called triglycerides and apo b ( a part of ldl ) in the blood ; to raise levels of ' good ' cholesterol ( hdl cholesterol ) and apo a - i ( a part of hdl ). what should i know about cholesterol and triglycerides ? cholesterol is one of several fats found in your blood . your total cholesterol is made up mainly of ' bad ' ( ldl ) and ' good ' ( hdl ) cholesterol . ldl cholesterol is often called ' bad ' cholesterol because it can build up in the walls of your arteries and form plaque . over time , this plaque build - up can lead to a clogging of your arteries . this clogging can slow or block blood flow to vital organs such as the heart and brain . when the blood flow is blocked , the result can be a heart attack or stroke . hdl cholesterol is often called ' good ' cholesterol because it helps keep the ' bad ' cholesterol from building up in the arteries and because it protects against heart disease . triglycerides are another fat in your blood . they may raise your risk of having heart problems . in most people , at first there are no signs of cholesterol problems . your doctor can measure your cholesterol with a simple blood test . visit your doctor regularly to keep track of your cholesterol and discuss your goals with your doctor . tredaptive is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolaemia or mixed dyslipidaemia : when you cannot control your cholesterol levels with a statin alone ( class of cholesterol - lowering medicines working in the liver ); 31 when you cannot tolerate a statin or when a statin is not recommended for you . patients with combined mixed dyslipidaemia have high blood levels of ' bad ' ldl cholesterol and triglycerides ( a type of fat ), and low levels of ' good ' hdl cholesterol . primary hypercholesterolaemia is when the levels of cholesterol in the blood are high . primary means that the hypercholesterolaemia does not have any identifiable cause .
trevicta contains the active substance paliperidone which belongs to the class of antipsychotic medicines and is used as a maintenance treatment for the symptoms of schizophrenia in adult patients . if you have responded well to treatment with paliperidone palmitate injection given once a month , your doctor may start treatment with trevicta . schizophrenia is a disease with " positive " and " negative " symptoms . positive means an excess of symptoms that are not normally present . for example , a person with schizophrenia may hear voices or see things that are not there ( called hallucinations ), believe things that are not true ( called delusions ), or feel unusually suspicious of others . negative means a lack of behaviours or feelings that are normally present . for example , a person with schizophrenia may appear withdrawn and may not respond at all emotionally or may have trouble speaking in a clear and logical way . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , or tense . trevicta can help alleviate the symptoms of your disease and reduce the chance of your symptoms coming back .
herzuma contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when herzuma binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe herzuma for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , with high levels of a protein called her2 . you have metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour ) with high levels of her2 . herzuma may be prescribed in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or docetaxel as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 and hormone receptor - positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female sex hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - fluorouracil and cisplatin .
kaftrio contains three active substances : ivacaftor , tezacaftor and elexacaftor . the medicine helps lung cells to work better in some patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). cf is an inherited condition in which the lungs and the digestive system can become clogged with thick , sticky mucus . kaftrio taken with ivacaftor is for patients aged 12 years and over who have cf , with certain genetic mutations . these can be either two f508del mutations or an f508del mutation and a second mutation called a minimal function mutation . a minimal function mutation is defined as one that results either in no cftr protein being produced or a cftr protein that does not function , and which is unlikely to respond to other cftr modulator treatments ( ivacaftor and tezacaftor / ivacaftor ). kaftrio is intended as a long - term treatment . kaftrio works on a protein called cftr ( cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator ). the protein is damaged in some people with cf , if they have a mutation in the cftr gene . kaftrio is normally taken with another medicine , ivacaftor . ivacaftor causes the protein to work better , while tezacaftor and elexacaftor increase the amount of protein at the cell surface . kaftrio ( taken with ivacaftor ) helps your breathing by improving your lung function . you may also notice that you do not get ill as often , or that it is easier to gain weight .
insulin aspart sanofi is a modern insulin ( insulin analogue ) with a rapid - acting effect . modern insulin products are improved versions of human insulin . insulin aspart sanofi is used to reduce the high blood sugar level in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above with diabetes mellitus ( diabetes ). diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . treatment with insulin aspart sanofi helps to prevent complications from your diabetes . insulin aspart sanofi will start to lower your blood sugar 1020 minutes after you inject it , a maximum effect occurs between 1 and 3 hours after the injection and the effect lasts for 35 hours . due to this short action insulin aspart sanofi should normally be taken in combination with intermediate - acting or long - acting insulin preparations .
what kymriah is kymriah , also known as tisagenlecleucel , is made from some of your own white blood cells called t cells . t cells are important for your immune system ( the body ' s defences ) to work properly . how does kymriah work ? the t cells are taken from your blood and a new gene is put into the t cells so that they can target the cancer cells in your body . when kymriah is infused into your blood , the modified t cells will find and kill the cancer cells . what kymriah is used for kymriah is used to treat : b - cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( b - cell all ) - a form of cancer that affects some other types of white blood cells . the medicine can be used in children and young adults up to and including 25 years of age with this cancer . diffuse large b - cell lymphoma ( dlbcl ) - another form of cancer that affects some types of white blood cells , mostly in the lymph nodes . the medicine can be used in adults ( 18 years of age or older ) with this cancer . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
telmisartan actavis contains the active substance telmisartan which belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . telmisartan actavis blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . telmisartan actavis tablets are used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart or kidney failure , strokes or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan actavis is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
kivexa is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and in children weighing at least 25 kg . kivexa contains two active ingredients that are used to treat hiv infection : abacavir and lamivudine . these belong to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). kivexa does not completely cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . it also increases the cd4 cell count in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with kivexa in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
aripiprazole accord contains the active substance aripiprazole and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 15 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 13 years and older who suffer from a condition with symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with this medicine .
cholestagel contains the active substance colesevelam ( as hydrochloride ). taking cholestagel helps to lower the level of cholesterol in your blood . your doctor should only give you cholestagel if a diet low in fat and cholesterol did not work well enough on its own . cholestagel works in your intestinal system by binding bile acids produced by your liver and carrying the bile acids out of your body with your faeces . this prevents your body from recycling the bile acids from your intestines in the usual way . without the recycling process , your liver has to make additional bile acids . your liver uses cholesterol from your blood to do this , which lowers the level of cholesterol in your blood . cholestagel is prescribed to treat a condition known as primary hypercholesterolaemia ( when cholesterol in the blood is elevated ) in adults . - cholestagel may be prescribed on its own in addition to a diet low in fat and cholesterol when treatment with a statin ( a class of cholesterol - lowering medicines that work in the liver ) is inappropriate or not well tolerated . - cholestagel may be used together with a statin and the diet low in fat and cholesterol when patients are not appropriately controlled by the statin on its own . - cholestagel may also be used together with ezetimibe ( a cholesterol - lowering medicine that works by reducing cholesterol absorption from the gut ), with or without a statin .
skyrizi contains the active substance risankizumab . skyrizi is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . how skyrizi works this medicine works by stopping a protein in the body called ' il - 23 ', which causes inflammation . it reduces the inflammation . it also reduces symptoms of psoriasis such as burning , itching , pain , redness and scaling .
the active substance in this medicine is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
what hyqvia is hyqvia contains two solutions for infusion ( drip ) under the skin ( subcutaneous or sc infusion ). it is supplied as a package containing one vial of human normal immunoglobulin 10 % ( the active substance ) and one vial of recombinant human hyaluronidase ( a substance which helps the human normal immunoglobulin 10 % reach your blood ). human normal immunoglobulin 10 % belongs to a class of medicines called " human normal immunoglobulins ". immunoglobulins are also known as antibodies and are found in healthy people ' s blood . antibodies are part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and help your body to fight infections . how hyqvia works the vial of immunoglobulins has been prepared from the blood of healthy people . the medicine works in exactly the same way as the immunoglobulins naturally present in the blood . the recombinant human hyaluronidase is a protein that makes it easier for the immunoglobulins to be infused ( dripped ) under the skin and to reach your blood system . what hyqvia is used for hyqvia is used in patients with a weak immune system , who do not have enough antibodies in their blood and tend to get frequent infections . regular and sufficient doses of hyqvia can raise abnormally low immunoglobulin levels in your blood to normal levels ( replacement therapy ). hyqvia is prescribed as replacement therapy to patients who do not have sufficient antibodies , including the following groups : patients with an inborn inability or reduced ability to produce antibodies ( primary immunodeficiencies ). patients with a certain kind of blood cancer ( chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ) which leads to a lack of antibody production and recurrent infections when preventative antibiotics have failed . patients with a specific cancer of the bone marrow ( multiple myeloma ) and lack of antibody production with recurrent infections who have failed to respond to a vaccine against certain bacteria ( pneumococci ). patients with low antibody production prior and after transplantation of bone marrow cells from another person .
sustiva , which contains the active substance efavirenz , belongs to a class of antiretroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection by reducing the amount of the virus in blood . it is used by adults , adolescents and children 3 months of age and older and weighing at least 3 . 5 kg . your doctor has prescribed sustiva for you because you have hiv infection . sustiva taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines reduces the amount of the virus in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
what erbitux is erbitux contains cetuximab , a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins called antigens . cetuximab binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), an antigen on the surface of certain cancer cells . egfr activates proteins called ras . ras proteins play an important role in the egfr pathway a complex signalling cascade which is involved in the development and progression of cancer . as a result of this binding , the cancer cell can no longer receive the messages it needs for growth , progression and metastasis . what erbitux is used for erbitux is used to treat two different types of cancer : metastatic cancer of the large intestine . in these patients , erbitux is used alone or in combination with other anticancer medicines . a certain type of cancer of the head and neck ( squamous cell cancer ). in these patients , erbitux is used in combination with radiation therapy or with other anticancer medicines .
the active substance of effentora is fentanyl citrate . effentora is a pain - relieving medicine known as an opioid , which is used to treat breakthrough pain in adult patients with cancer who are already taking other opioid pain medicines for their persistent ( around - the - clock ) cancer pain . breakthrough pain is additional , sudden pain that occurs in spite of you having taken your usual opioid pain - relieving medicines .
pemetrexed sandoz is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
what brimica genuair is this medicine contains two active ingredients called aclidinium and formoterol fumarate dihydrate . both belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your airways , which allows the airways to open more widely and helps you to breathe more easily . the genuair inhaler delivers the active ingredients directly into your lungs as you breathe in . what brimica genuair is used for brimica genuair is used for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ), in which the airways and air sacs in the lungs become damaged or blocked . by opening the airways , the medicine helps relieve symptoms such as shortness of breath . taking brimica genuair regularly will reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . neuraceq contains the active substance florbetaben ( 18f ). neuraceq is given to people with memory problems so that doctors can perform a type of brain scan , called a pet scan . a neuraceq pet scan , along with other brain function tests , can help your doctor determine whether or not you may have β - amyloid plaques in your brain . this medicine is intended for adults only . you should discuss the results of the test with the doctor that requested the scan . the use of neuraceq does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
what tecfidera is tecfidera is a medicine that contains the active substance dimethyl fumarate . what tecfidera is used for tecfidera is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( cns ), including the brain and the spinal cord . relapsing - remitting ms is characterised by repeated attacks ( relapses ) of nervous system symptoms . symptoms vary from patient to patient , but typically include walking difficulties , feeling off balance and visual difficulties ( e . g . blurred or double vision ). these symptoms may disappear completely when the relapse is over , but some problems may remain . how tecfidera works tecfidera seems to work by stopping the body ' s defence system from damaging your brain and spinal cord . this may also help to delay future worsening of your ms .
pregabalin zentiva belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain pregabalin zentiva is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy pregabalin zentiva is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin zentiva is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder pregabalin zentiva is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
veyvondi contains the active substance vonicog alfa , which is a recombinant human von willebrand factor ( rvwf ). it behaves in the same way as natural human von willebrand factor ( vwf ) in the body . vwf is the carrier molecule for coagulation factor viii and is involved in blood clotting making platelets stick to wounds and so helps to form a blood clot . lack of vwf increases the tendency to bleed . veyvondi is used to treat and control bleeding episodes and to prevent bleeding during surgery in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with von willebrand disease . it is used when treatment with another medicine , desmopressin , is not effective or cannot be given . von willebrand disease is an inherited bleeding disorder caused by the lack or an insufficient amount of von willebrand factor . in patients with the disease the blood does not clot normally leading to a prolonged bleeding time . administration of von willebrand factor ( vwf ) allows for correction of von willebrand factor deficiency .
comirnaty is a vaccine used for preventing covid - 19 caused by sars - cov - 2 virus . comirnaty is given to adults and adolescents from 16 years of age and older . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce antibodies and blood cells that work against the virus , so giving protection against covid - 19 . as comirnaty does not contain the virus to produce immunity , it cannot give you covid - 19 .
what crysvita is crysvita contains the active substance burosumab . this is a type of medicine called a human monoclonal antibody . what is crysvita used for crysvita is used to treat x - linked hypophosphataemia ( xlh ). it is used in children of 1 year and older , and adolescents who are still growing . what is x - linked hypophosphataemia ( xlh ) x - linked hypophosphataemia ( xlh ) is a genetic disease . people with xlh have higher levels of a hormone called fibroblast growth factor 23 ( fgf23 ). fgf23 lowers the amount of phosphate in the blood . the low level of phosphate may lead to bones that cannot grow and harden properly . how crysvita works crysvita attaches to fgf23 in the blood which stops fgf23 from working and increases the phosphate levels in the blood so that normal levels of phosphate can be achieved .
what fingolimod accord is the active substance of fingolimod accord is fingolimod . what fingolimod accord is used for fingolimod accord is used in adults and in children and adolescents ( 10 years of age and above ) to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ), more specifically in : - patients who have failed to respond despite treatment with an ms treatment . or - patients who have rapidly evolving severe ms . fingolimod accord does not cure ms , but it helps to reduce the number of relapses and to slow down the progression of physical disabilities due to ms . what is multiple sclerosis ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( cns ), comprised of the brain and spinal cord . in ms inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves in the cns and stops the nerves from working properly . this is called demyelination . relapsing - remitting ms is characterised by repeated attacks ( relapses ) of nervous system symptoms that reflect inflammation within the cns . symptoms vary from patient to patient but typically involve walking difficulties , numbness , vision problems or disturbed balance . symptoms of a relapse may disappear completely when the relapse is over , but some problems may remain . how fingolimod accord works fingolimod accord helps to protect against attacks on the cns by the immune system by reducing the ability of some white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) to move freely within the body and by stopping them from reaching the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . fingolimod accord also reduces some of the immune reactions of your body .
idflu is a vaccine . this vaccine is recommended to help to protect you against flu . the vaccine may be administered to individuals of 60 years of age and over , especially in those who run an increased risk of associated complications . when an injection of idflu is given , the immune system ( body ' s natural defences ) will develop protection against flu infection . idflu will help to protect you against the three strains of virus contained in the vaccine , or other strains closely related to them . full effect of the vaccine is generally achieved 2 - 3 weeks after the vaccination .
libertek contains the active substance roflumilast , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called phosphodiesterase - 4 inhibitor . roflumilast reduces the activity of phosphodiesterase - 4 , a protein occurring naturally in body cells . when the activity of this protein is reduced , there is less inflammation in the lungs . this helps to stop narrowing of airways occurring in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). thus libertek eases breathing problems . libertek is used for maintenance treatment of severe copd in adults who in the past had frequent worsening of their copd symptoms ( so - called exacerbations ) and who have chronic bronchitis . copd is a chronic disease of the lungs that results in tightening of the airways ( obstruction ) and swelling and irritation of the walls of the small air passages ( inflammation ). this leads to symptoms such as coughing , wheezing , chest tightness or difficulty in breathing . libertek is to be used in addition to bronchodilators .
viread contains the active substance tenofovir disoproxil . this active substance is an antiretroviral or antiviral medicine which is used to treat hiv or hbv infection or both . tenofovir is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as an nrti and works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( in hiv reverse transcriptase , in hepatitis b dna polymerase ) that are essential for the viruses to reproduce themselves . in hiv viread should always be used combined with other medicines to treat hiv infection . viread 123 mg tablets are a treatment for hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . viread 123 mg tablets are for use in children . they are only suitable for : children aged 6 to less than 12 years who weigh from 17 kg to less than 22 kg who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of resistance , or have caused side effects . viread 123 mg tablets are also a treatment for chronic hepatitis b , an infection with hbv ( hepatitis b virus ). viread 123 mg tablets are for use in children . they are only suitable for : children aged 6 to less than 12 years who weigh from 17 kg to less than 22 kg your child does not have to have hiv to be treated with viread for hbv . this medicine is not a cure for hiv infection . while taking viread your child may still develop infections or other illnesses associated with hiv infection . your child can also pass on hiv or hbv to others , so it is important to take precautions to avoid infecting other people .
lokelma contains the active substance sodium zirconium cyclosilicate . lokelma is used to treat hyperkalaemia in adults . hyperkalaemia means that there is a high level of potassium in the blood . lokelma lowers the high levels of potassium in your body and helps to keep it at a normal level . as lokelma passes through your stomach and gut it attaches to potassium and the two are carried together out of the body in your stools , lowering the amount of potassium in the body .
vedrop contains vitamin e ( in the form of tocofersolan ). it is used to treat lack of vitamin e due to digestive malabsorption ( where nutrients from the food are not easily absorbed during digestion ) in patients from birth ( full term newborns ) up to 18 years of age suffering from chronic cholestasis ( a hereditary or congenital disease where bile cannot flow from the liver to the intestine ).
aerivio spiromax contains two medicines , salmeterol and fluticasone propionate : salmeterol is a long - acting bronchodilator . bronchodilators help the airways in the lungs to stay open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out . the effects last for at least 12 hours . fluticasone propionate is a corticosteroid which reduces swelling and irritation in the lungs . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for the treatment of either severe asthma , to help prevent attacks of breathlessness and wheeziness , or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ), to reduce the number of flare ups of symptoms . you must use aerivio spiromax every day as directed by your doctor . this will make sure that it works properly in controlling your asthma or copd . aerivio spiromax helps to stop breathlessness and wheeziness coming on . however , aerivio spiromax should not be used to relieve an attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if this happens you need to use a fast - acting ' reliever ' (' rescue ') inhaler , such as salbutamol . you should always have your fast - acting ' rescue ' inhaler with you . aerivio spiromax should only be used to treat severe asthma in adults aged 18 years and older and adults with copd .
yondelis contains the active substance trabectedin . yondelis is an anti - cancer medicine that works by preventing the tumour cells from multiplying . yondelis is used for the treatment of patients with advanced soft tissue sarcoma , when previous medicines have been unsuccessful or the patients are unsuited to receive them . soft tissue sarcoma is a malignant disease that starts somewhere in the soft tissues , such as the muscles , fat or other tissues ( for example cartilages or vessels ). yondelis in combination with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin ( pld : another anti - cancer medicine ) is used for the treatment of patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least 1 previous therapy and are not resistant to anti - cancer medicines containing platinum compounds .
eperzan contains the active ingredient albiglutide which belongs to a group of medicines called glp - 1 receptor agonists that are used to lower blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes . you have type 2 diabetes either : because your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood or because your body is not able to use the insulin properly . eperzan helps your body to increase the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high . eperzan is used to help control your blood sugar , either : - on its own if your blood sugar is not properly controlled by diet and exercise alone , and you can ' t take metformin ( another diabetes medicine ) or - in combination with other diabetes medicines that are taken by mouth ( such as metformin , or medicines known as sulphonylureas or thiazolidinediones ), or with insulin . it is very important that you continue to follow any diet and lifestyle advice from your doctor while taking eperzan .
the active substance in daptomycin hospira powder for solution for injection / infusion is daptomycin . daptomycin is an antibacterial that can stop the growth of certain bacteria . daptomycin hospira is used in adults and in children and adolescents ( age from 1 to 17 years ) to treat infections of the skin and the tissues below the skin . it is also used to treat infections in the blood when associated with skin infection . daptomycin hospira is also used in adults to treat infections in the tissues that line the inside of the heart ( including heart valves ) which are caused by a type of bacteria called staphylococcus aureus . it is also used to treat infections in the blood caused by the same type of bacteria when associated with heart infection . depending on the type of infection ( s ) that you have , your doctor may also prescribe other antibacterials while you are receiving treatment with daptomycin hospira .
entresto is a medicine containing an angiotensin receptor neprilysin inhibitor . it delivers two active substances , sacubitril and valsartan . entresto is used to treat a type of long - term heart failure in adults . this type of heart failure occurs when the heart is weak and cannot pump enough blood to the lungs and the rest of the body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are breathlessness , fatigue , tiredness and ankle swelling .
tekturna belongs to a new class of medicines called renin inhibitors . tekturna helps to lower high blood pressure . renin inhibitors reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can produce . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to tighten , which increases the blood pressure . reducing the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax , which lowers blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the brain , heart and kidneys , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders .
sildenafil actavis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
what tavlesse is tavlesse contains the active substance fostamatinib . it specifically targets an enzyme called spleen tyrosine kinase , that plays an important part in the destruction of platelets . in this way tavlesse limits platelet destruction by the immune system and increases platelet count in the body . this helps reduce the risk of severe bleeding . what tavlesse is used for tavlesse is used to treat adults with low platelet counts due to chronic immune thrombocytopenia ( itp ) when an earlier treatment for itp has not worked well enough . itp is an autoimmune disease , in which the body ' s own immune system attacks and destroys platelets in the blood . platelets are needed to help create clots and stop bleeding .
aflunov is a vaccine for use in adults from 18 onwards , intended to be given in the context of outbreaks of zoonotic influenza viruses ( coming from birds ) with pandemic potential to prevent flu caused by h5n1 viruses similar to the vaccine strain reported in section 6 . zoonotic influenza viruses occasionally infect humans , and can cause disease ranging from mild upper respiratory infection ( fever and cough ) to rapid progression to severe pneumonia , acute respiratory distress syndrome , shock and even death . human infections are primarily caused by contact with infected animals , but do not spread easily between people . aflunov is intended also to be given when there is anticipation of a possible pandemic due to the same or a similar strain . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , aflunov may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam actavis group is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what cancidas is cancidas contains a medicine called caspofungin . this belongs to a group of medicines called anti - fungals . what cancidas is used for cancidas is used to treat the following infections in children , adolescents and adults : serious fungal infections in your tissues or organs ( called ' invasive candidiasis '). this infection is caused by fungal ( yeast ) cells called candida . people who might get this type of infection include those who have just had an operation or those whose immune systems are weak . fever and chills that do not respond to an antibiotic are the most common signs of this type of infection . fungal infections in your nose , nasal sinuses or lungs ( called ' invasive aspergillosis ') if other anti - fungal treatments have not worked or have caused side effects . this infection is caused by a mould called aspergillus . people who might get this type of infection include those having chemotherapy , those who have had a transplant and those whose immune systems are weak . suspected fungal infections if you have a fever and a low white cell count that have not improved on treatment with an antibiotic . people who are at risk of getting a fungal infection include those who have just had an operation or those whose immune systems are weak . how cancidas works cancidas makes fungal cells fragile and stops the fungus from growing properly . this stops the infection from spreading and gives the body ' s natural defences a chance to completely get rid of the infection .
clopidogrel apotex contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel apotex is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel apotex to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
capecitabine accord belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine accord is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
doribax contains the active substance doripenem . this medicine is an antibiotic which works by killing different types of bacteria ( germs ) that cause infections in various parts of the body . doribax is used to treat adults for the following infections : - pneumonia ( a serious type of chest or lung infection ) that you catch in a hospital or similar setting . this includes pneumonia that you catch when on a machine that helps you breathe . - complicated infections of the area around your stomach ( abdominal infections ). - complicated urinary tract infections , including kidney infections and cases that have spread to the bloodstream .
the active substances of icandra , vildagliptin and metformin , belong to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". icandra is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much glucagon . both insulin and glucagon are made in the pancreas . insulin helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood , especially after meals . glucagon triggers the liver to make sugar , causing the blood sugar level to rise . how icandra works both active substances , vildagliptin and metformin , help to control the level of sugar in the blood . the substance vildagliptin works by making the pancreas produce more insulin and less glucagon . the substance metformin works by helping the body to make better use of insulin . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes .
lonsurf is a type of cancer chemotherapy which belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic antimetabolite medicines ". lonsurf contains two different active substances : trifluridine and tipiracil . trifluridine stops the growth of cancer cells . tipiracil stops the trifluridine from being broken down by the body , helping trifluridine to work longer . lonsurf is used to treat adults with colon or rectal cancer - sometimes called ' colorectal ' cancer and stomach cancer ( including cancer of the junction between the oesophagus and the stomach ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastases ). it is used when other treatments have not worked - or when other treatments are not suitable for you .
irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms is a combination of two active substances , irbesartan and hydrochlorothiazide . irbesartan belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body that binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . hydrochlorothiazide is one of a group of medicines ( called thiazide diuretics ) that causes increased urine output and so causes a lowering of blood pressure . the two active ingredients in irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms work together to lower blood pressure further than if either was given alone . irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms is used to treat high blood pressure , when treatment with irbesartan or hydrochlorothiazide alone did not provide adequate control of your blood pressure .
the active substance in zoledronic acid actavis is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
novorapid is a modern insulin ( insulin analogue ) with a rapid - acting effect . modern insulin products are improved versions of human insulin . novorapid is used to reduce the high blood sugar level in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above with diabetes mellitus ( diabetes ). diabetes is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . treatment with novorapid helps to prevent complications from your diabetes . novorapid will start to lower your blood sugar 1020 minutes after you inject it , a maximum effect occurs between 1 and 3 hours after the injection and the effect lasts for 35 hours . due to this short action novorapid should normally be taken in combination with intermediate - acting or long - acting insulin preparations . moreover novorapid can be used for continuous infusion in a pump system .
atriance contains nelarabine which belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents , used in chemotherapy to kill some types of cancer cells . atriance is used to treat patients with : a type of leukaemia , called t - cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia . leukaemia causes an abnormal increase in the number of white blood cells . the abnormal high number of white blood cells can appear in the blood and other parts of the body . the type of leukaemia relates to the type of white blood cell mainly involved . in this case , its cells are called lymphoblasts . a type of lymphoma , called t - cell lymphoblastic lymphoma . this lymphoma is caused by a mass of lymphoblasts , a type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about your illness , talk to your doctor .
what ruxience is ruxience contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what ruxience is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe ruxience for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . ruxience can be given alone or with other medicines called " chemotherapy ". in patients where the treatment is working , ruxience may be used as a maintenance treatment for 2 years after completing the initial treatment . b ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . ruxience in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) rheumatoid arthritis ruxience is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . ruxience is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in people who have already tried some other medicines which have either 61 stopped working , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . ruxience is usually taken together with another medicine called methotrexate . ruxience slows down the damage to your joints caused by rheumatoid arthritis and improves your ability to do normal daily activities . the best responses to ruxience are seen in those who have a positive blood test to rheumatoid factor ( rf ) and / or anti - cyclic citrullinated peptide ( anti - ccp ). both tests are commonly positive in rheumatoid arthritis and aid in confirming the diagnosis . d ) granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis ruxience is used for the treatment of granulomatosis with polyangiitis ( formerly called wegener ' s granulomatosis ) or microscopic polyangiitis , taken in combination with corticosteroids . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . e ) pemphigus vulgaris ruxience is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
fluenz is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ). it is used in children and adolescents 24 months to less than 18 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the influenza virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . fluenz vaccine viruses are grown in chicken eggs . the vaccine targets three strains of influenza virus each year , following the annual recommendations by the world health organisation .
intrinsa is a transdermal patch which constantly releases small amounts of testosterone that is absorbed through your skin into the bloodstream . the testosterone in intrinsa is the same hormone as that produced naturally in men and women . after removal of the ovaries , testosterone drops to half of the levels compared to before the operation . decrease in testosterone has been associated with low sexual desire , reduced sexual thoughts and reduced sexual arousal . all or any of these problems can cause personal distress or relationship difficulties . the medical term for this condition is hypoactive sexual desire disorder , also known as hsdd . intrinsa is used to treat hsdd . intrinsa is intended for use by women up to the age of 60 years who : - have a low sexual desire which is causing distress or concern , and - have had both of their ovaries removed , and - have had their womb removed ( hysterectomy ), and - are receiving estrogen therapy . it may take longer than one month for you to notice an improvement . if you have not experienced a positive effect of intrinsa within 3 - 6 months , you should inform your doctor , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued .
tafinlar is a medicine that contains the active substance dabrafenib . it is used either on its own or in combination with another medicine containing trametinib in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery . tafinlar in combination with trametinib is also used to prevent melanoma from coming back after it has been removed by surgery . tafinlar in combination with trametinib is also used to treat a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ). both cancers have a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene called braf at the v600 position . this mutation in the gene may have caused the cancer to develop . your medicine targets proteins made from this mutated gene and slows down or stops the development of your cancer .
coaprovel is a combination of two active substances , irbesartan and hydrochlorothiazide . irbesartan belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body that binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . hydrochlorothiazide is one of a group of medicines ( called thiazide diuretics ) that causes increased urine output and so causes a lowering of blood pressure . the two active ingredients in coaprovel work together to lower blood pressure further than if either was given alone . coaprovel is used to treat high blood pressure , when treatment with irbesartan or hydrochlorothiazide alone did not provide adequate control of your blood pressure .
stalevo contains three active substances ( levodopa , carbidopa and entacapone ) in one film - coated tablet . stalevo is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a substance called dopamine in the brain . levodopa increases the amount of dopamine and hence reduces the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . carbidopa and entacapone improve the antiparkinson effects of levodopa .
you have been given rivaroxaban accord because - you have been diagnosed with an acute coronary syndrome ( a group of conditions that includes heart attack and unstable angina , a severe type of chest pain ) and have been shown to have had an increase in certain cardiac blood tests . rivaroxaban accord reduces the risk in adults of having another heart attack or reduces the risk of dying from a disease related to your heart or your blood vessels . rivaroxaban accord will not be given to you on its own . your doctor will also tell you to take either : acetylsalicylic acid or acetylsalicylic acid plus ticlopidine . or - you have been diagnosed with a high risk of getting a blood clot due to a coronary artery disease or peripheral artery disease which causes symptoms . rivaroxaban accord reduces the risk in adults of getting blot clots ( atherothrombotic events ). rivaroxaban accord will not be given to you on its own . your doctor will also tell you to take acetylsalicylic acid . rivaroxaban accord contains the active substance rivaroxaban and belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . it works by blocking a blood clotting factor ( factor xa ) and thus reducing the tendency of the blood to form clots .
the full name of your medicine is cellcept 250 mg capsules . in this leaflet the shorter name cellcept is used . cellcept contains mycophenolate mofetil . this belongs to a group of medicines called " immunosuppressants ". cellcept is used to prevent your body rejecting a transplanted organ . a kidney , heart or liver . cellcept should be used together with other medicines : ciclosporin and corticosteroids .
what piqray is piqray contains the active substance alpelisib , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphatidylinositol - 3 - kinase ( pi3k ) inhibitors . what piqray is used for piqray is used for the treatment of postmenopausal women , and men , with a type of breast cancer called advanced hormone receptor ( hr )- positive , human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 )- negative breast cancer . piqray is used in combination with fulvestrant , a hormonal anticancer therapy , in patients whose cancer has not responded to other hormonal treatments and who have certain changes ( mutations ) in a gene called pik3ca . your doctor will take a sample of your blood and / or tumour tissue , which will be tested for these pik3ca mutations . if the result is positive your cancer is likely to respond to treatment with piqray . how piqray works piqray works by blocking the effects of enzymes called phosphatidylinositol - 3 - kinases ( pi3k ). these enzymes help cancer cells to grow and multiply . by blocking their action , piqray can reduce growth and spread of the cancer and help to destroy cancer cells . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
abseamed contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . abseamed is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by kidney disease : in children on haemodialysis in adults on haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis 77 in severely anaemic adults not yet undergoing dialysis if you have kidney disease , you may be short of red blood cells if your kidney does not produce enough erythropoietin ( necessary for red cell production ). abseamed is prescribed to stimulate your bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion in these patients . abseamed is used in moderately anaemic adults who donate some of their blood before surgery , so that it can be given back to them during or after the operation . because abseamed stimulates the production of red blood cells , doctors can take more blood from these people . abseamed is used in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
osigraft is a type of medicine known as a bone morphogenetic protein ( bmp ). this group of medicines cause new bone to grow at the location where the surgeon has placed ( implanted ) it . osigraft is implanted in adult patients with fractures of the tibia which have failed to heal for at least 9 month duration in cases where treatment with autograft ( transplanted bone from your hip ) has failed or should not be used .
galafold contains the active substance migalastat . this medicine is used for the long - term treatment of fabry disease in adults and adolescents aged 16 years and older who have certain genetic mutations ( changes ). fabry disease is caused by the lack of or a faulty enzyme called alpha - galactosidase a ( α - gal a ). depending upon the kind of mutation ( change ) in the gene that produces α - gal a , the enzyme does not work properly or is completely absent . this enzyme defect leads to abnormal deposits of a fatty substance known as globotriaosylceramide ( gl - 3 ) in kidneys , heart , and other organs , leading to the symptoms of fabry disease . this medicine works by stabilising the enzyme that your body produces naturally , so that it can work better to reduce the amount of gl - 3 that has accumulated in your cells and tissues .
vipidia contains the active substance alogliptin which belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which are " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus or niddm . vipidia works to increase the levels of insulin in the body after a meal and decrease the amount of sugar in the body . it must be taken together with other anti - diabetic medicines , which your doctor will have prescribed for you , such as sulphonylureas ( e . g . glipizide , tolbutamide , glibenclamide ), metformin and / or thiazolidinediones ( e . g . pioglitazone ) and metformin and / or insulin . vipidia is taken when your blood sugar cannot be adequately controlled by diet , exercise and one or more of these other oral anti - diabetic medicines . it is important that you continue to take your other anti - diabetic medicine , and continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you .
sycrest contains the active substance asenapine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . sycrest is used to treat moderate to severe manic episodes associated with bipolar i disorder in adults . antipsychotic medicines affect the chemicals that allow communication between nerve cells ( neurotransmitters ). illnesses that affect the brain , such as bipolar i disorder , may be due to certain chemicals in the brain , such as dopamine and serotonin , being out of balance and these imbalances may cause some of the symptoms you may be experiencing . exactly how this medicine works is unknown , however , it is believed to adjust the balance of these chemicals . manic episodes associated with bipolar i disorder is a condition with symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability .
lojuxta contains the active substance called lomitapide . lomitapide is a " lipid - modifying agent " which works by blocking the action of " microsomal triglyceride transfer protein ." this protein is located within the liver and the gut cells , where it is involved in assembling fatty substances into larger particles that are then released into the blood stream . by blocking this protein , the medicine decreases the level of fats and cholesterol ( lipids ) in the blood . lojuxta is used to treat adult patients with very high cholesterol because of a condition that runs in their families ( homozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia or hofh ). it is typically passed down by both father and mother , who also have high cholesterol passed down from their parents . the patient ' s " bad " cholesterol level is very high from a very early age . the " bad " cholesterol can lead to heart attacks , strokes or other events at an early age . lojuxta is used with a low - fat diet and other lipid lowering treatments to decrease your cholesterol levels . lojuxta can lower blood levels of : low density lipoprotein ( ldl ) cholesterol (" bad " cholesterol ) total cholesterol apolipoprotein - b , a protein that carries " bad cholesterol " in the blood triglycerides ( fat carried in the blood ) 36
busilvex contains the active substance busulfan , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . busilvex destroys the original bone marrow before the transplant . busilvex is used in adults , new - born infants , children and adolescents as a treatment prior to transplantation . in adults busilvex is used in combination with cyclophosphamide or fludarabine . in new - born infants , children and adolescents , busilvex is used in combination with cyclophosphamide or melphalan . you will receive this preparative medicine before receiving a transplant of either bone marrow or haematopoietic progenitor cell .
invokana contains the active substance canagliflozin which belongs to a group of medicines called " blood - glucose lowering drugs ." invokana is used : to treat adults with type 2 diabetes . this medicine works by increasing the amount of sugar removed from your body in your urine . this reduces the amount of sugar in your blood and can help prevent heart disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus ( t2dm ). it also helps to slow down deterioration of kidney function in patients with t2dm by a mechanism beyond blood glucose lowering . invokana can be used by itself or along with other medicines you may be using to treat your type 2 diabetes ( such as metformin , insulin , a dpp - 4 inhibitor [ such as sitagliptin , saxagliptin , or linagliptin ], a sulphonylurea [ such as glimepiride or glipizide ], or pioglitazone ) that lower blood sugar levels . you may already be taking one or more of these to treat your type 2 diabetes . it is also important to keep following advice about diet and exercise given by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical conditions such as heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
nordimet contains the active substance methotrexate which works by : - reducing inflammation or swelling , and - reducing the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s own defense mechanism ). an overactive immune system has been linked to inflammatory diseases . nordimet is a medicine used to treat a range of inflammatory diseases : - active rheumatoid arthritis in adults . active rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory condition that affects the joints ; - severe , active juvenile idiopathic arthritis in five or more joints ( the condition is therefore called polyarthritic ), in patients who have had an inadequate response to nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ); - a severe form of treatment resistant psoriasis ( also called severe recalcitrant disabling psoriasis ), in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to other treatments including phototherapy ( light therapy ), puva ( ultraviolet light therapy ), and retinoids ( group of medicines derived from vitamin a ).
what tevagrastim is tevagrastim is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belong to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . tevagrastim works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells .. what tevagrastim is used for a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight infection . tevagrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . tevagrastim can be used - to increase the number of white blood cells after treatment with chemotherapy to help prevent infections . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent infections . - before high - dose chemotherapy to make the bone marrow produce more stem cells which can be collected and given back to you after your treatment . these can be taken from you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bone marrow and produce blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent infections . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of infections .
opatanol is used for the treatment of signs and symptoms of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis . allergic conjunctivitis . some materials ( allergens ) like pollens , house dust or animal fur may cause allergic reactions resulting in itching , redness as well as swelling of the surface of your eye . opatanol is a medicine for treatment of allergic conditions of the eye . it works by reducing the intensity of the allergic reaction .
exalief belongs to a group of medicines called anti - epileptics used to treat epilepsy , a condition where someone has repeated seizures or fits . exalief is used in adult patients who are already taking other anti - epileptic medicines and are still experiencing seizures that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ). these seizures may or may not be followed by a seizure affecting all of the brain ( secondary generalisation ). exalief has been given to you by your doctor to reduce your number of seizures .
karvea belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . karvea prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . karvea slows the decrease of kidney function in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes . karvea is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the kidney in patients with high blood pressure , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
what rubraca is and how it works rubraca contains the active substance rucaparib . rubraca is an anti - cancer medicine , also known as a ' parp ( poly adenosine diphosphate - ribose polymerase ) inhibitor '. patients with changes ( mutations ) in genes called brca are at risk of developing a number of types of cancer . rubraca blocks an enzyme that repairs damaged dna in the cancer cells , resulting in their death . what rubraca is used for rubraca is used to treat a type of cancer of the ovary . it is used after the cancer has responded to previous chemotherapy treatments . rubraca can be used as maintenance therapy immediately after a course of chemotherapy that has caused the tumour to shrink . rubraca can also be used if your cancer has progressed after chemotherapy has been used and you have an abnormality of the brca gene . if you take rubraca because your cancer has progressed you will need to have a clinical test to identify an abnormality in the brca gene .
exubera is an inhalation powder contained in blisters . the contents of the blisters should be breathed in through your mouth into your lungs using the insulin inhaler . exubera is an anti - diabetic agent that lowers your blood sugar . exubera is a fast - acting insulin . this means that it will start to lower your blood sugar 10 - 20 minutes after you take it , with a maximum effect at 2 hours and the effect will last for around 6 hours . exubera is often given in combination with other diabetes treatments . exubera is used to reduce high blood sugar in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus who need insulin . exubera can also be used to treat type 1 diabetes in adults whose level of blood sugar is not well - controlled by insulin injections . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar .
retacrit contains the active substance epoetin zeta a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin zeta is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . retacrit is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by kidney disease in children on haemodialysis . in adults on haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis . in severely anaemic adults not yet undergoing dialysis . if you have kidney disease , you may be short of red blood cells if your kidney does not produce enough erythropoietin ( necessary for red cell production ). retacrit is prescribed to stimulate your bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . retacrit is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . retacrit can reduce the need for a blood transfusion in these patients . retacrit is used in moderately anaemic adults who donate some of their blood before surgery , so that it can be given back to them during or after the operation . because retacrit stimulates the production of red blood cells , doctors can take more blood from these people . retacrit is used in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions . retacrit is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). retacrit can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
clopidogrel hexal contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel hexal is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel hexal to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
ikervis contains the active substance , ciclosporin . ciclosporin belongs to a group of medicines known as immunosuppressive agents that are used to reduce inflammation . ikervis is used to treat adults with severe keratitis ( inflammation of the cornea , the transparent layer in the front part of the eye ). it is used in those patients who have dry eye disease , which has not improved despite treatment with tear substitutes ( artificial tears ). talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should visit your doctor at least every 6 months to assess the effect of ikervis .
trisenox is used in adult patients with newly diagnosed low - to - intermediate risk acute promyelocytic leukaemia ( apl ), and in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . apl is a unique type of myeloid leukaemia , a disease in which abnormal white blood cells and abnormal bleeding and bruising occur .
lumigan is an antiglaucoma preparation . it belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . lumigan eye drops are used to reduce high pressure in the eye . this medicine may be used on its own or with other drops called beta - blockers which also reduce pressure . your eye contains a clear , watery liquid that feeds the inside of the eye . liquid is constantly being drained out of the eye and new liquid is made to replace this . if the liquid cannot drain out quickly enough , the pressure inside the eye builds up . this medicine works by increasing the amount of liquid that is drained . this reduces the pressure inside the eye . if the high pressure is not reduced , it could lead to a disease called glaucoma and eventually damage your sight .
memantine mylan contains the active substance memantine . it belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . memantine mylan belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . memantine mylan acts on these nmda - receptors improving the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . memantine mylan is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
pemetrexed pfizer is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed pfizer is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed pfizer is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed pfizer can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed pfizer is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
repso belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance leflunomide . repso is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a crippling form of arthritis . the symptoms include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anemia ( lack of red blood cells ). psoriatic arthritis is the combination of psoriasis and arthritis . the symptoms include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
the common name of the active substance in revasc is desirudin . desirudin is a recombinant dna product derived from yeast cells . desirudin belongs to a group of medicines called anticoagulants , which prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels . revasc is used to prevent blood clotting after elective hip or knee replacement surgery , as harmful blood clots can form in the blood vessels of the legs . it is often given for several days after operations because blood clots are most likely to form when you are resting in bed .
what neupro is neupro contains the active substance rotigotine . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' dopamine agonists '. dopamine is a messenger in the brain which is important for movement . what neupro is used for neupro is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of : restless legs syndrome ( rls ) this can be associated with discomfort in your legs or arms , urges to move around , sleep disturbance and feeling tired or sleepy during the day . these symptoms are either reduced or their duration is shortened with neupro treatment .
picato contains the active substance ingenol mebutate . this medicine is used for topical ( on the skin ) treatment of actinic keratosis , also called solar keratosis , in adults . actinic keratoses are rough areas of skin found in people who have been exposed to too much sunshine over the course of their lifetime . picato 150 micrograms / gram gel is used for actinic keratosis on the face and scalp .
trizivir is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . trizivir contains three active ingredients that are used to treat hiv infection : abacavir , lamivudine and zidovudine . all of these belong to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). trizivir helps to control your condition . trizivir does not cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . this helps your body to increase the cd4 cell count in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with trizivir in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
firmagon contains degarelix . degarelix is a synthetic hormone blocker used in the treatment of prostate cancer in adult male patients . degarelix mimics a natural hormone ( gonadotrophin - relasing hormone , gnrh ) and directly blocks its effects . by doing so , degarelix immediately reduces the level of the male hormone testosterone that stimulates the prostate cancer .
how does memantine merz work memantine merz contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . memantine merz belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . memantine merz belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . memantine merz acts on these nmda - receptors improving the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . what is memantine merz used for memantine merz is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
champix contains the active substance varenicline . champix is a medicine which is used in adults to help them stop smoking . champix can help to relieve the craving and withdrawal symptoms associated with stopping smoking . champix can also reduce the enjoyment of cigarettes if you do smoke when on treatment .
torisel contains the active substance temsirolimus . temsirolimus is a selective inhibitor of the enzyme mtor ( mammalian target of rapamycin ) that blocks tumour cell growth and division . torisel is used to treat the following types of cancer in adults : - advanced cancer of the kidney ( renal cancer ). - previously treated mantle cell lymphoma , a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes .
what stelara is stelara contains the active substance ' ustekinumab ', a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind specifically to certain proteins in the body . stelara belongs to a group of medicines called ' immunosuppressants '. these medicines work by weakening part of the immune system . what stelara is used for stelara is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases : moderate to severe crohn ' s disease - in adults moderate to severe ulcerative colitis - in adults crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough or are intolerant to these medicines , you may be given stelara to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ulcerative colitis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough or are intolerant to these medicines , you may be given stelara to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
colobreathe contains colistimethate sodium , a type of antibiotic called a polymyxin . colobreathe is used to control persistent lung infections caused by the bacterium pseudomonas aeruginosa in adult patients and children aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis . pseudomonas aeruginosa is a very common bacterium that infects nearly all cystic fibrosis patients at some time during their lives . some people will get this infection whilst very young but for others it will be much later . if this infection is not properly controlled it will cause damage to the lungs . how it works colobreathe works by destroying the bacterial cell membrane , having a lethal effect on them .
strimvelis is a type of medicine called a gene therapy . strimvelis is used to treat a serious condition called ada - scid ( adenosine deaminase - severe combined immune deficiency ). with this condition the immune system does not work properly to defend the body against infections . people with ada - scid cannot produce enough of an enzyme called adenosine deaminase ( ada ) because the gene to make it is faulty . strimvelis is used to treat ada - scid when there is no suitable match from a family member to donate stem cells from their bone marrow for a transplant . strimvelis is made specially for each patient , using the patient ' s own bone marrow cells . it works by putting a new gene into stem cells in the bone marrow so they can make ada . strimvelis is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ). for more information on what happens before and during treatment , see section 3 , how strimvelis is given .
yervoy contains the active substance ipilimumab , a protein which helps your immune system to attack and destroy cancer cells by your immune cells . ipilimumab alone is used to treat advanced melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . ipilimumab in combination with nivolumab is used to treat advanced melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults advanced renal cell carcinoma ( advanced kidney cancer ) in adults ipilimumab in combination with nivolumab and chemotherapy is used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of lung cancer ) in adult . as yervoy may be given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , it is important that you also read the package leaflet for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor .
faslodex contains the active substance fulvestrant , which belongs to the group of estrogen blockers . estrogens , a type of female sex hormones , can in some cases be involved in the growth of breast cancer . faslodex is used either : alone , to treat postmenopausal women with a type of breast cancer called estrogen receptor positive breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or in combination with palbociclib to treat women with a type of breast cancer called hormone receptor - positive , human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative breast cancer , that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ). women who have not reached menopause will also be treated with a medicine called a luteinizing hormone releasing hormone ( lhrh ) agonist . when faslodex is given in combination with palbociclib , it is important that you also read the package leaflet for palbociclib . if you have any questions about palbociclib , please ask your doctor .
herceptin contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when herceptin binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe herceptin for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , with high levels of a protein called her2 . ∑ you have metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour ) with high levels of her2 . herceptin may be prescribed in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or docetaxel as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 and hormone receptor - positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female sex hormones ). ∑ you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - flououracil and cisplatin .
coagadex is a concentrate of human coagulation factor x , a protein that is needed for blood to clot . the factor x in coagadex is extracted from human plasma ( the liquid part of blood ). it is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients with hereditary factor x deficiency , including during surgery . patients with factor x deficiency do not have sufficient factor x for their blood to clot properly , leading to excessive bleeding . coagadex replaces the missing factor x and allows their blood to clot normally .
dectova contains zanamivir , which belongs to a group of medicines called antivirals . dectova is used to treat severe flu ( influenza virus infection ). it is used when other flu treatments are not suitable . adults and children aged 6 months or more can be treated with dectova .
what venclyxto is venclyxto is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance venetoclax . it belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - 2 inhibitors ". what venclyxto is used for venclyxto is used to treat patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). venclyxto may be given to you in combination with other medicines or alone . cll is a type of cancer affecting white blood cells called lymphocytes and the lymph nodes . in cll , the lymphocytes multiply too quickly and live for too long , so that there are too many of them in the blood . how venclyxto works venclyxto works by blocking a protein in the body called " bcl - 2 ". this protein helps cancer cells survive . blocking this protein helps to kill and lower the number of cancer cells . it also slows down the worsening of the disease .
covid - 19 vaccine moderna is a vaccine used to prevent covid - 19 caused by sars - cov - 2 . it is given to adults aged 18 years and older . the active substance in covid - 19 vaccine moderna is mrna encoding the sars - cov - 2 spike protein . the mrna is embedded in sm - 102 lipid nanoparticles . as covid - 19 vaccine moderna does not contain the virus , it cannot give you covid - 19 . how the vaccine works covid - 19 vaccine moderna stimulates the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ). the vaccine works by causing the body to produce protection ( antibodies ) against the virus that causes covid - 19 . covid - 19 vaccine moderna uses a substance called messenger ribonucleic acid ( mrna ) to carry instructions that cells in the body can use to make the spike protein that is also on the virus . the cells then make antibodies against the spike protein to help fight off the virus . this will help to protect you against covid - 19 .
siklos is used to prevent painful crises , including sudden chest pain , caused by sickle cell disease , in adults , adolescents and children older than 2 years . sickle cell disease is an inherited blood disorder that affects the disc shaped red cells of the blood . some cells become abnormal , rigid and take a crescent or sickle shape which leads to anemia . the sickle cells also get stuck in blood vessels , blocking blood flow . this can cause acute pain crises and organ damage . for severe painful crises , most patients require hospitalisation . siklos will decrease the number of painful crises as well as the need for hospitalisation linked with the disease . the active substance of siklos , hydroxycarbamide , is a substance which inhibits growth and proliferation of some cells , such as blood cells . these effects lead to a reduction of circulating red , white and coagulation blood cells ( myelosuppressive effect ). in sickle cell disease , hydroxycarbamide helps also to prevent red blood cells from taking abnormal shape .
brinavess contains the active substance vernakalant hydrochloride . brinavess works by changing your irregular or fast heart beat to a normal heart beat . in adults it is used if you have a fast , irregular heart beat called atrial fibrillation which has started recently , less than or equivalent to 7 days , for non - surgery patients and less than or equivalent to 3 days for post - cardiac surgery patients .
alisade nasal spray is used to treat symptoms of allergic rhinitis including stuffy , runny or itchy nose , sneezing and watery , itchy or red eyes , in adults and children aged 6 years and over . allergy symptoms can occur at specific times of the year and be caused by allergy to pollen from grass or trees ( hayfever ), or they can occur all year round and be caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds . alisade belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . alisade works to decrease inflammation caused by allergy ( rhinitis ).
arsenic trioxide mylan is used in adult patients with newly diagnosed low - to - intermediate risk acute promyelocytic leukaemia ( apl ), and in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . apl is a unique type of myeloid leukaemia , a disease in which abnormal white blood cells and abnormal bleeding and bruising occur .
olanzapine cipla belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . olanzapine cipla has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
the active substance in onpattro is patisiran . onpattro is a medicine that treats an illness which runs in families called hereditary attr ( hattr ) amyloidosis . hattr amyloidosis is caused by problems with a protein in the body called ' transthyretin ' ( ttr ). this protein is made mostly in the liver and carries vitamin a and other substances around the body . in people with this illness , abnormally shaped ttr proteins clump together to make deposits called ' amyloid '. amyloid can build up around the nerves , heart , and other places in the body , preventing them from working normally . this causes the symptoms of the illness . onpattro works by lowering the amount of ttr protein that the liver makes . this means there is less ttr protein in the blood that can form amyloid . this can help to reduce the effects of this illness . onpattro is used in adults only .
arsenic trioxide accord contains arsenic trioxide which is an anticancer medicine . it is used in adult patients with newly diagnosed low - to - intermediate risk acute promyelocytic leukaemia ( apl ), and in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . apl is a unique type of myeloid leukaemia , a disease in which abnormal white blood cells and abnormal bleeding and bruising occur .
what respreeza is this medicine contains the active substance human alpha1 - proteinase inhibitor , which is a normal component of the blood and is found in the lung . there , its main function is to protect the lung tissue by limiting the action of a certain enzyme , called neutrophil elastase . neutrophil elastase can cause damage if its action is not controlled ( for example , in case you have an alpha1 - proteinase inhibitor deficiency ). what respreeza is used for this medicine is used in adults with known severe alpha1 - proteinase inhibitor deficiency ( an inherited condition also called alpha1 antitrypsin deficiency ) who have developed a lung condition called emphysema . emphysema develops when the lack of alpha1 - proteinase inhibitor results in a condition in which neutrophil elastase is not being properly controlled , damaging the tiny air sacs in the lungs through which oxygen passes into the body . because of this damage , the lungs do not work properly . using this medicine regularly increases the blood and lung levels of alpha1 - proteinase inhibitor , thus slowing the progression of emphysema .
tegsedi contains the active substance inotersen . it is used to treat adults with hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis . hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis is a genetic disease , which causes build - up of small fibres of a protein called transthyretin in the organs of your body stopping them from working properly . tegsedi is used when the disease is causing symptoms of polyneuropathy ( nerve damage ). the active substance in tegsedi , inotersen , is a type of medicine called an antisense oligonucleotide inhibitor . it works by reducing production of transthyretin by the liver and so lowers the risk of fibres of transthyretin being deposited in body organs and causing symptoms .
vizarsin contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . vizarsin will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . vizarsin is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
helixate nexgencontains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). helixate nexgen is used for treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ). this preparation does not contain von willebrand factor and is therefore not to be used in von willebrand ' s disease . the vial contains a dry white to slightly yellow powder or cake , as well as water for injections to be used to reconstitute the contents of the vial .
recarbrio is an antibiotic . it contains the active substances imipenem , cilastatin , and relebactam . recarbrio is used to kill a wide range of bacteria that cause infections . it is used when there are few or no other treatments available . recarbrio is used in patients 18 years or older .
leflunomide medac belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance leflunomide . leflunomide medac is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anaemia ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty in moving , pain , and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
what enhertu is enhertu is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance trastuzumab deruxtecan . one part of the medicine is a monoclonal antibody that attaches specifically to cells that have the protein her2 on their surface ( her2 - positive ), as some breast cancer cells do . the other active part of enhertu is dxd , a substance that can kill cancer cells . once the medicine has attached to her2 - positive cancer cells , the dxd enters the cells and kills them . what enhertu is used for enhertu is used to treat adults who have : her2 - positive breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for her2 - positive breast cancer .
enzepi is a pancreatic enzyme replacement medicine for people whose bodies do not make enough of enzymes to digest food . enzepi contains a mixture of natural digestive enzymes which are used to digest food . these include lipases for digesting fat , proteases for digesting protein and amylases for digestions carbohydrates . the enzymes are taken from pig pancreas glands . enzepi is for use by adults , adolescents , children and infants with ' exocrine pancreatic insufficiency ', a condition that makes the body less able to break down and digest food .
baqsimi contains the active substance glucagon , which belongs to a group of medicines called glycogenolytic hormones . it is used to treat severe hypoglycaemia ( very low blood sugar ) in people with diabetes . it is for use in adults , adolescents , and children aged 4 years or older . glucagon is a natural hormone produced by the pancreas . it works in the opposite way to insulin and raises blood sugar . it does this by converting stored sugar in the liver called glycogen to glucose ( a form of sugar that the body uses for energy ). the glucose then enters the bloodstream and raises the blood sugar level , so reducing the effects of hypoglycaemia . you should always carry baqsimi with you and tell your friends and family that you are carrying it .
aimovig contains the active substance erenumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . aimovig works by blocking the activity of the cgrp molecule , which has been linked to migraine ( cgrp stands for calcitonin gene - related peptide ). aimovig is used to prevent migraine in adults who have at least 4 migraine days per month when starting treatment with aimovig .
halimatoz contains the active substance adalimumab , a medicine that acts on your body ' s immune ( defence ) system . halimatoz is intended for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis , enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric plaque psoriasis , paediatric crohn ' s disease , paediatric non - infectious uveitis . the active ingredient in halimatoz , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , halimatoz blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints that usually first appear in childhood . halimatoz is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 82 to 17 years and enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . patients may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , patients will be given halimatoz to treat their polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis or enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory skin condition that causes red , flaky , crusty patches of skin covered with silvery scales . plaque psoriasis can also affect the nails , causing them to crumble , become thickened and lift away from the nail bed which can be painful . psoriasis is believed to be caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . halimatoz is also used to treat severe plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years for whom medicines applied to the skin and treatment with uv light have either not worked very well or are not suitable . paediatric crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the gut . halimatoz is used to treat moderate to severe crohn ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given halimatoz to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric non - infectious uveitis non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease affecting certain parts of the eye . the inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). halimatoz works by reducing this inflammation . halimatoz is used to treat children from 2 years of age with chronic non - infectious uveitis with inflammation affecting the front of the eye . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given halimatoz to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what aubagio is aubagio contains the active substance teriflunomide which is an immunomodulatory agent and adjusts the immune system to limit its attack on the nervous system . what aubagio is used for aubagio is used in adults to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). what multiple sclerosis is ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( cns ). the cns is made up of the brain and spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves in the cns . this loss of myelin is called demyelination . this stops nerves from working properly . people with relapsing form of multiple sclerosis will have repeated attacks ( relapses ) of physical symptoms caused by their nerves not working properly . these symptoms vary from patient to patient but usually involve : difficulty walking vision problems balance problems . symptoms may disappear completely after the relapse is over , but over time , some problems may remain between relapses . this can cause physical disabilities that may interfere with your daily activities . how aubagio works aubagio helps to protect against attacks on the central nervous system by the immune system by limiting the increase of some white blood cells ( lymphocytes ). this limits the inflammation that leads to nerve damage in ms .
clopidogrel bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , smaller than red or white blood cells , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
maci is used in adults to repair cartilage defects in your knee joint . cartilage is a tissue that is present in every joint in the body ; it protects the ends of bones and allows joints to function smoothly . maci is an implant consisting of a porcine derived ( derived from pigs ) collagen membrane which contains your own cartilage cells ( called autologous chondrocytes ) and is implanted into your knee . " autologous " means that your own cells are used which have been taken from your knee ( through a biopsy ) and grown outside the body .
the active substances of zomarist , vildagliptin and metformin , belong to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". zomarist is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much glucagon . both insulin and glucagon are made in the pancreas . insulin helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood , especially after meals . glucagon triggers the liver to make sugar , causing the blood sugar level to rise . how zomarist works both active substances , vildagliptin and metformin , help to control the level of sugar in the blood . the substance vildagliptin works by making the pancreas produce more insulin and less glucagon . the substance metformin works by helping the body to make better use of insulin . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes .
exparel liposomal is a local anaesthetic which contains the active ingredient bupivacaine . exparel liposomal is used in adult patients to reduce pain in a specific part of the body or in small to medium - sized surgical wounds following surgery ( such as surgery to remove haemorrhoids , bunion , or knee or shoulder joint surgery ).
ocaliva contains the active substance obeticholic acid ( farnesoid x - receptor agonist ) which helps to improve how your liver works by reducing the production and build up of bile in the liver and also reducing inflammation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of liver disease known as primary biliary cholangitis ( also known as primary biliary cirrhosis ), either by itself or together with another medicine , ursodeoxycholic acid .
what steglujan is steglujan contains two active substances , ertugliflozin and sitagliptin . ertugliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called sodium glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . sitagliptin belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 4 ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 ) inhibitors . what steglujan is used for steglujan lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . steglujan can be used instead of taking both ertugliflozin and sitagliptin as separate tablets . steglujan can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking steglujan . how steglujan works ertugliflozin works by blocking the sglt2 protein in your kidneys . this causes blood sugar to be removed in your urine . sitagliptin helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal . it also lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
esmya contains the active substance ulipristal acetate . it is used to treat moderate to severe symptoms of uterine fibroids ( commonly known as myomas ), which are non - cancerous tumours of the uterus ( womb ). esmya is used in adult women ( over 18 years of age ) before they reach the menopause . in some women , uterine fibroids may cause heavy menstrual bleeding ( your ' period '), pelvic pain ( discomfort in the belly ) and create pressure on other organs . this medicine acts by modifying the activity of progesterone , a naturally occuring hormone in the body . it is used either before an operation of your fibroids or for long term treatment of your fibroids to reduce their size , to stop or reduce bleeding and to increase your red blood cell count .
stayveer tablets contain bosentan , which blocks a naturally occurring hormone called endothelin - 1 ( et - 1 ), which causes blood vessels to narrow . stayveer therefore causes blood vessels to expand and belongs to the class of medicines called " endothelin receptor antagonists ". stayveer is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ): pah is a disease of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this pressure reduces the amount of oxygen that can get into the blood in the lungs , making physical activity more difficult . stayveer widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . stayveer is used to treat patients with class iii pah to improve exercise capacity ( the ability to carry out physical activity ) and symptoms . the ' class ' reflects the seriousness of the disease : ' class iii ' involves marked limitation of physical activity . some improvements have also been shown in patients with class ii pah . ' class ii ' involves slight limitation of physical activity . the pah for which stayveer is indicated can be : primary ( with no identified cause or familial ); caused by scleroderma ( also called systemic sclerosis , a disease where there is abnormal growth of the connective tissue that supports the skin and other organs ); caused by congenital ( inborn ) heart defects with shunts ( abnormal passageways ) causing abnormal flow of blood through the heart and lungs . digital ulcers : ( sores on the fingers and toes ) in adult patients with a condition called scleroderma . stayveer reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear .
exviera contains the active substance dasabuvir . exviera is an antiviral medicine used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis c virus ). exviera works by stopping the hepatitis c virus from multiplying and infecting new cells , thus clearing the virus from your blood over a period of time . exviera tablets do not work on their own . they are always taken with another antiviral medicine containing ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir . some patients may also take an antiviral medicine called ribavirin . your doctor will talk with you about which of these medicines to take with exviera . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with exviera . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
dificlir is an antibiotic which contains the active substance fidaxomicin . dificlir film - coated tablets are used in adults , adolescents and children with a body weight of at least 12 . 5 kg to treat infections of the lining of the colon ( large intestine ) with certain bacteria called clostridioides difficile . this serious illness can result in painful , severe diarrhoea . dificlir works by killing the bacteria that cause the infection and helps to reduce the associated diarrhoea .
what possia is possia contains the active substance called ticagrelor . this belongs to a group of medicines called anti - platelet medicines . how possia works possia affects cells called ' platelets ' ( also called thrombocytes ). these very small blood cells help stop bleeding by clumping together to plug tiny holes in blood vessels that are cut or damaged . however , platelets can also form clots inside diseased blood vessels in the heart and brain . this can be very dangerous because : the clot can cut off the blood supply completely - this can cause a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) or stroke , or the clot can partly block the blood vessels to the heart - this reduces the blood flow to the heart and can cause chest pain which comes and goes ( called ' unstable angina '). possia helps stop the clumping of platelets . this reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . what possia is used for possia is to be used in adults only . you have been given possia because you have had : a heart attack , or unstable angina ( angina or chest pain that is not well controlled ). possia reduces the chances of you having another heart attack or a stroke or of dying from a disease related to your heart or blood vessels .
what privigen is privigen belongs to the class of medicines called human normal immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins are also known as antibodies and are blood proteins that help your body to fight infections . how privigen works privigen contains immunoglobulins that have been prepared from the blood of healthy people . the medicine works in exactly the same way as the immunoglobulins naturally present in human blood of healthy people . what privigen is used for privigen is used for the treatment of adults and children ( 0 - 18 years ) in the following situations : a ) to increase abnormally low immunoglobulin levels in your blood to normal levels ( replacement therapy ): 1 . patients who are born with a reduced ability or inability to produce immunoglobulins ( primary immunodeficiencies ( pid )). 2 . patients with an acquired immunodeficiency ( sid ) who suffer from severe or recurrent infections , ineffective antimicrobial treatment and either proven specific antibody failure or serum igg level of < 4 g / l . b ) to treat certain inflammatory disorders ( immunomodulation ). there are 5 groups : 1 . patients who do not have enough blood platelets ( primary immune thrombocytopenia ( itp ) and who are at high risk of bleeding or will have surgery in the near future . 2 . patients with guillain - barré syndrome . this is an acute disease that is characterised by inflammation of the peripheral nerves that causes severe muscle weakness mainly in the legs and upper limbs . 3 . patients with kawasaki disease . this is an acute disease that primarily affects young children . it is characterised by inflammation of blood vessels throughout the body . 4 . patients with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy ( cidp ). this is a chronic disease that is characterised by inflammation of the peripheral nerves that causes muscle weakness and / or numbness mainly in the legs and upper limbs . 5 . patients with multifocal motor neuropathy ( mmn ). this is a slowly progressive disease of the motor nerves with weakness of arms and legs .
ontruzant contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , with high levels of a protein called her2 . you have metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour ) with high levels of her2 . ontruzant may be prescribed in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or docetaxel as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 and hormone receptor - positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female sex hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - flououracil and cisplatin .
humenza is a vaccine to prevent pandemic influenza ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that occurs every few decades and which spreads rapidly around the world . the symptoms ( signs ) of pandemic flu are similar to those of an ordinary flu but may be more severe . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
this medicine contains the active substance busulfan , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . busulfan fresenius kabi destroys the original bone marrow before the transplant . busulfan fresenius kabi is used in adults , new - born infants , children and adolescents as a treatment prior to transplantation . in adults busulfan fresenius kabi is used in combination with cyclophosphamide or fludarabine . in new - born infants , children and adolescents , this medicine is used in combination with cyclophosphamide or melphalan . you will receive this preparative medicine before receiving a transplant of either bone marrow or haematopoietic progenitor cell .
lemtrada contains the active substance alemtuzumab , which is used to treat a form of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults , called relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( rrms ). lemtrada does not cure ms , but it can reduce the number of ms relapses . it can also help to slow down or reverse some of the signs and symptoms of ms . in clinical studies , patients treated with lemtrada had fewer relapses and were less likely to experience worsening of their disability compared to patients treated with a beta - interferon injected multiple times per week . lemtrada is used if your ms is highly active despite that you have been treated with at least one other medicine for ms or if your ms is rapidly evolving . what is multiple sclerosis ? ms is an autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system ( brain and spinal cord ). in ms your immune system mistakenly attacks the protective layer ( myelin ) around the nerve fibres , causing inflammation . when the inflammation causes symptoms this is often called an " attack " or a " relapse ". in rrms patients experience relapses followed by periods of recovery . the symptoms you experience are determined by which part of your central nervous system is affected . the damage done to your nerves during this inflammation may be reversible , but as your disease progresses the damage may accumulate and become permanent . how lemtrada works lemtrada adjusts your immune system to limit its attacks on your nervous system .
what otezla is otezla contains the active substance ' apremilast '. this belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitors , which help to reduce inflammation . what otezla is used for otezla is used to treat adults with the following conditions : active psoriatic arthritis - if you cannot use another type of medicine called ' disease - modifying antirheumatic drugs ' ( dmards ) or when you have tried one of these medicines and it did not work . moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis - if you cannot use one of the following treatments or when you have tried one of these treatments and it did not work : - phototherapy - a treatment where certain areas of skin are exposed to ultraviolet light - systemic therapy - a treatment that affects the entire body rather than just one local area , such as ' ciclosporin ', ' methotrexate ' or ' psoralen '. behçet ' s disease ( bd ) - to treat the mouth ulcers which is a common problem for people with this illness . what psoriatic arthritis is psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis , an inflammatory disease of the skin . what plaque psoriasis is psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin , which can cause red , scaly , thick , itchy , painful patches on your skin and can also affect your scalp and nails . what behçet ' s disease is behçet ' s disease is a rare type of inflammatory disease which affects many parts of the body . the most common problem is mouth ulcers . how otezla works psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and behçet ' s disease are usually lifelong conditions and there is currently no cure . otezla works by reducing the activity of an enzyme in the body called ' phosphodiesterase 4 ', which is involved in the process of inflammation . by reducing the activity of this enzyme , otezla can help to control the inflammation associated with psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and behçet ' s disease , and thereby reduce the signs and symptoms of these conditions . in psoriatic arthritis , treatment with otezla results in an improvement in swollen and painful joints , and can improve your general physical function . in psoriasis , treatment with otezla results in a reduction in psoriatic skin plaques and other signs and symptoms of the disease . in behçet ' s disease , treatment with otezla reduces the number of mouth ulcers and can stop them completely . it can also reduce the associated pain . otezla has also been shown to improve the quality of life in patients with psoriasis , psoriatic arthritis or behçet ' s disease . this means that the impact of your condition on daily activities , relationships and other factors should be less than it was before .
what is rezolsta ? rezolsta contains the active substances darunavir and cobicistat . darunavir belongs to a group of hiv medicines called ' protease inhibitors ' which work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body to a very low level . it is given with cobicistat , which increases the amount of darunavir in your blood . treatment with rezolsta will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection , but rezolsta is not a cure for hiv infection . what it is used for ? rezolsta is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who weigh at least 40 kilograms and who are infected by hiv ( see how to take rezolsta ). rezolsta must be taken in combination with other hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
tasermity contains sevelamer as the active ingredient . it binds phosphate from food in the digestive tract and so reduces serum phosphate levels in the blood . tasermity is used to control the levels of phosphate in the blood of adult kidney failure patients on haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis treatment . adult patients whose kidneys have failed and who are undergoing haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis are not able to control the level of serum phosphate in their blood . the amount of phosphate then rises ( your doctor will call this hyperphosphataemia ). increased levels of serum phosphorus can lead to hard deposits in your body called calcification . these deposits can stiffen your blood vessels and make it harder for blood to be pumped around the body . increased serum phosphorus can also lead to itchy skin , red eyes , bone pain and fractures . tasermity may be used with other medicines which include calcium or vitamin d supplements to control the development of renal bone disease .
ondexxya contains the active ingredient andexanet alfa . it reverses the effects of certain anticoagulants called factor xa inhibitors ( apixaban or rivaroxaban ). factor xa inhibitors are given to prevent clots in your blood vessels . your doctor may decide to give you ondexxya to rapidly reverse the effects of the anticoagulant in case of a life - threatening or uncontrolled bleeding situation .
daronrix is a vaccine used in adults aged 18 to 60 years to prevent influenza ( flu ) in an officially declared pandemic . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . pandemic flu is a type of influenza that occurs every few decades and which spreads rapidly to affect most countries and regions around the world . the symptoms of pandemic flu are similar to those of " ordinary " flu but are usually more severe .
nivestim is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony - stimulating factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . nivestim works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight infection . nivestim stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . nivestim can be used : - to increase the number of white blood cells after treatment with chemotherapy to help prevent infections ; - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent infections ; - before high - dose chemotherapy to make the bone marrow produce more stem cells which can be collected and given back to you after your treatment . these can be taken from you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bone marrow and produce blood cells ; - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent infections ; - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of infections .
vectibix is used in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer ( cancer of the bowel ) for adult patients with a certain type of tumour known as a " wild - type ras tumour ". vectibix is used alone or in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . vectibix contains the active substance panitumumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins , which specifically recognise and attach ( bind ) to other unique proteins in the body . panitumumab recognises and binds specifically to a protein known as epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the surface of some cancer cells . when growth factors ( other body proteins ) attach to the egfr , the cancer cell is stimulated to grow and divide . panitumumab binds onto the egfr and prevents the cancer cell from receiving the messages it needs for growth and division .
fulvestrant mylan contains the active substance fulvestrant , which belongs to the group of estrogen blockers . estrogens , a type of female sex hormones , can in some cases be involved in the growth of breast cancer . fulvestrant mylan is used either : alone , to treat postmenopausal women with a type of breast cancer called estrogen receptor positive breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or in combination with palbociclib to treat women with a type of breast cancer called hormone receptor - positive , human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 - negative breast cancer , that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ). women who have not reached menopause will also be treated with a medicine called a luteinizing hormone releasing hormone ( lhrh ) agonist . when fulvestrant is given in combination with palbociclib , it is important that you also read the package leaflet for palbociclib . if you have any questions about palbociclib , please ask your doctor .
what gonal - f is gonal - f contains a medicine called " follitropin alfa ". follitropin alfa is a type of " follicle stimulating hormone " ( fsh ) which belongs to the family of hormones called " gonadotropins ". gonadotropins are involved in reproduction and fertility . what gonal - f is used for in adult women , gonal - f is used : to help release an egg from the ovary ( ovulation ) in women that cannot ovulate and that did not respond to treatment with a medicine called " clomiphene citrate ". together with another medicine called " lutropin alfa " (" luteinising hormone " or lh ) to help release egg from the ovary ( ovulation ) in women that are not ovulating because their body is producing very little gonadotropins ( fsh and lh ). to help develop several follicles ( each containing an egg ) in women undergoing assisted reproductive technology procedures ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , gonal - f is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
what kadcyla is kadcyla contains the active substance trastuzumab emtansine , which is made up of two parts that are linked together : ∑ trastuzumab - a monoclonal antibody that binds selectively to an antigen ( a target protein ) called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when trastuzumab binds to her2 it can stop the cancer cells growth and cause them to die . ∑ dm1 an anti - cancer substance that becomes active once kadcyla enters the cancer cell . what kadcyla is used for kadcyla is used to treat breast cancer in adults when : ∑ the cancer cells have many her2 proteins on them - your doctor will test your cancer cells for this . ∑ you have already received the medicine trastuzumab and a medicine known as a taxane . ∑ the cancer has spread to areas near the breast or to other parts of your body ( metastasized ) ∑ the cancer has not spread to other parts of the body and treatment is going to be given after surgery ( treatment after surgery is called adjuvant therapy ).
what ionsys is ionsys is a transdermal system ( to be applied on intact skin ) that contains a strong analgesic ( pain reliever ) medicine called fentanyl . what ionsys is used for ionsys is used to treat short - term moderate to severe pain in adults after an operation . ionsys is used in hospital only . how ionsys works ionsys is a small device applied to the skin of your upper arm or chest . it works by delivering fentanyl through your skin to relieve your pain . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
qarziba contains dinutuximab beta , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. these are proteins , which specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . dinutuximab beta binds to the molecule known as disialoganglioside 2 ( gd2 ), which is present on cancer cells , and this activates the body ' s immune system , causing it to attack the cancer cells . qarziba is used to treat neuroblastoma that has a high risk of coming back after a series of treatments , which include a stem cell transplantation for rebuilding the immune system . it is also used to treat neuroblastoma that has come back ( relapsed ) or could not be completely treated with previous therapies . prior to the treatment of relapsed neuroblastoma , your treating physician will stabilise any actively progressing disease by other suitable measures . your doctor will further decide whether the co - administration of a second medicine , interleukin - 2 , is necessary for the treatment of your cancer . neuroblastoma is a type of cancer that grows from abnormal nerve cells in the body , in particular in the glands above the kidneys . it is one of the most common cancers in infancy . it is used for patients aged 12 months and above .
what silodyx is silodyx belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a - adrenoreceptor blockers . silodyx is selective for the receptors located in the prostate , bladder and urethra . by blocking these receptors , it causes smooth muscle in these tissues to relax . this makes it easier for you to pass water and relieves your symptoms . what silodyx is used for silodyx is used in adult men to treat the urinary symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , a feeling of not completely emptying the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night .
miglustat dipharma contains the active substance miglustat which belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat two conditions : miglustat dipharma is used to treat mild to moderate type 1 gaucher disease in adults . in type 1 gaucher disease , a substance called glucosylceramide is not removed from your body . it starts to build up in certain cells of the body ' s immune system . this can result in liver and spleen enlargement , changes in the blood , and bone disease . the usual treatment for type 1 gaucher disease is enzyme replacement therapy . miglustat dipharma is only used when a patient is considered unsuitable for treatment with enzyme replacement therapy . miglustat dipharma is also used to treat progressive neurological symptoms in niemann - pick type c disease in adults and in children . if you have niemann - pick type c disease , fats such as glycosphingolipids build up in the cells of your brain . this can result in disturbances in neurological functions such as slow eye movements , balance , swallowing , and memory , and in seizures . miglustat dipharma works by inhibiting the enzyme called ' glucosylceramide synthase ' which is responsible for the first step in the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids .
pylobactell is a breath test for determining the presence of the bacterium , helicobacter pylori ( h . pylori ) in the gut ( stomach and adjacent bowel ) which may be the reason for your stomach ( gastric ) condition . your doctor has recommended that you have a 13c - urea breath test , for one of the following reasons : your doctor wants to confirm whether you are suffering from h . pylori infection to help diagnose your condition . you have already been diagnosed with h . pylori and have been taking medication aimed to clear up the infection . your doctor now wants to find out if the treatment has worked . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . how does the test work ? all foods contain a substance called carbon 13 ( 13c ), in varying amounts . this 13c can be detected in the carbon dioxide that you breathe out of your lungs . the actual amount of 13c in the breath will depend on the type of food that you have eaten . you will be asked to drink a " test meal ". this will help keep the test 13c - urea solution in your stomach . following the meal , 3 samples of your breath will be taken . these samples will be analysed to measure the normal amount of 13c in the carbon dioxide in your breath . you will then drink the pylobactell 13c - urea solution . if h . pylori is present and active in your stomach , these bacteria will break down the 13c - urea and this is detected in the carbon dioxide in your breath . a further 3 samples of your breath will then be taken 30 minutes later . the amount of 13c in these samples will be compared to your normal level . if there is a significant increase in the amount of 13c , this will let your doctor know that active h . pylori is present .
glubrava contains pioglitazone and metformin which are anti - diabetic medicines , used to control blood sugar level . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when treatment with metformin alone is not sufficient . this type 2 diabetes usually develops in adulthood particularly as a result of the person being overweight and where the body either does not produce enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or cannot effectively use the insulin it produces . glubrava helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . if 3 to 6 months after starting glubrava your sugar control is not improved , the medicine should be discontinued .
zessly contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . zessly belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . zessly is also used in adults and children 6 years of age or older for : crohn ' s disease ulcerative colitis . zessly works by selectively attaching to tnf alpha and blocking its action . tnf alpha is involved in inflammatory processes of the body so blocking it can reduce the inflammation in your body . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly which you will take in combinationwith another medicine called methotrexate to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease slow down the damage in your joints improve your physical function . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease slow down the damage in your joints improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the spine . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease improve your physical function . psoriasis psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , you will first be given other medicines or treatments , such as phototherapy . if these medicines or treatments do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ulcerative colitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to treat your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or surgery .
sabervel belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . sabervel prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . sabervel slows the decrease of kidney function in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes . sabervel is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the kidney in patients with high blood pressure , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
olazax disperzi contains the active substance olanzapine . olazax disperzi belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . olazax disperzi has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
nyvepria contains the active substance pegfilgrastim . it is used in patients treated with cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ) to reduce the duration of neutropenia ( low neutrophil count , a type of white blood cell ) and to help prevent febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ). nyvepria is for use in adults aged 18 years and over . white blood cells are important for fighting off infection . if the white blood cell count to fall too low , due to your cytotoxic chemotherapy , your body may not be able to fight off microorganisms and this will increase the chances of an infection . pegfilgrastim , is very similar to a natural protein in the body called granulocyte colony stimulating factor and it works by encouraging your bone marrow to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight off infections .
what kisplyx is kisplyx is a medicine that contains the active substance lenvatinib . it is used in combination with everolimus to treat patients with advanced kidney cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) where other treatments ( so - called " vegf - targeted therapy ") have not helped stop the disease . how kisplyx works kisplyx blocks the action of proteins called receptor tyrosine kinases ( rtks ), which are involved in the development of new blood vessels that supply oxygen and nutrients to cells and help them to grow . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action kisplyx may slow the rate at which the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
triumeq is a medicine that contains three active ingredients used to treat hiv infection : abacavir , lamivudine and dolutegravir . abacavir and lamivudine belong to a group of anti - retroviral medicines ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ), and dolutegravir belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called integrase inhibitors ( inis ). triumeq is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children over 12 years old who weigh at least 40 kg . before you are prescribed triumeq your doctor will arrange a test to find out whether you carry a particular type of gene called hla - b * 5701 . triumeq should not be used in patients who are known to carry the hla - b * 5701 gene . patients with this gene are at a high risk of developing a serious hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reaction if they use triumeq ( see ' hypersensitivity reactions ' in section 4 ). triumeq does not cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . it also increases the number of cd4 cells in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with triumeq in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
opsumit contains the active substance macitentan , which belongs to the class of medicines called " endothelin receptor antagonists ". opsumit is used for the long - term treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ) in adults ; it can be used on its own or with other medicines for pah . pah is high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ). in people with pah , these arteries get narrower , so the heart has to work harder to pump blood through them . this causes people to feel tired , dizzy , and short of breath . opsumit widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , relieves the symptoms and improves the course of the disease .
the full name of your medicine is myclausen 500 mg film - coated tablets . in this leaflet the shorter name myclausen is used . myclausen contains mycophenolate mofetil . this belongs to a group of medicines called " immunosuppressants ". myclausen is used to prevent your body rejecting a transplanted organ . a kidney , heart or liver . myclausen should be used together with other medicines : ciclosporin and corticosteroids .
votrient is a type of medicine called a protein kinase inhibitor . it works by preventing the activity of proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . votrient is used in adults to treat : - kidney cancer that is advanced or has spread to other organs . - certain forms of soft - tissue sarcoma , which is a type of cancer that affects the supportive tissues of the body . it can occur in muscles , blood vessels , fat tissue or other tissues that support , surround and protect the organs .
nivolumab bms is a medicine used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of lung cancer ) in adults . it contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . nivolumab attaches to a target protein called programmed death - 1 receptor ( pd - 1 ) that can switch off the activity of t cells ( a type of white blood cell that forms part of the immune system , the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . this helps increase their activity against the lung cancer cells .
zebinix contains the active substance eslicarbazepine acetate . zebinix belongs to a group of medicines called antiepileptics used to treat epilepsy , a condition where someone has repeated seizures or fits . zebinix is used : on its own ( monotherapy ) in adult patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy with other antiepileptic medicines ( adjunctive therapy ), in adult , adolescents and children patients above 6 years of age who are experiencing seizures that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ). these seizures may or may not be followed by a seizure affecting all of the brain ( secondary generalisation ) zebinix has been given to you by your doctor to reduce your number of seizures .
what deferasirox mylan is deferasirox mylan contains an active substance called deferasirox . it is an iron chelator which is a medicine used to remove the excess iron from the body ( also called iron overload ). it traps and removes excess iron which is then excreted mainly in the stools . what deferasirox mylan is used for repeated blood transfusions may be necessary in patients with various types of anaemia ( for example thalassaemia , sickle cell disease or myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds )). however , repeated blood transfusions can cause a build - up of excess iron . this is because blood contains iron and your body does not have a natural way to remove the excess iron you get with your blood transfusions . in patients with non - transfusion - dependent thalassaemia syndromes , iron overload may also develop over time , mainly due to increased absorption of dietary iron in response to low blood cell counts . over time , the excess iron can damage important organs such as the liver and heart . medicines called iron chelators are used to remove the excess iron and reduce the risk of it causing organ damage . deferasirox mylan is used to treat chronic iron overload caused by frequent blood transfusions in patients with beta thalassaemia major aged 6 years and older . deferasirox mylan is also used to treat chronic iron overload when deferoxamine therapy is contraindicated or inadequate in patients with beta thalassaemia major with iron overload caused by infrequent blood transfusions , in patients with other types of anaemias , and in children aged 2 to 5 years . deferasirox mylan is also used when deferoxamine therapy is contraindicated or inadequate to treat patients aged 10 years or older who have iron overload associated with their thalassaemia syndromes , but who are not transfusion dependent .
palonosetron hospira belongs to a group of medicines known as serotonin ( 5ht3 ) antagonists . these have the ability to block the action of the chemical , serotonin , which can cause nausea and vomiting . palonosetron hospira is used for the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age .
trajenta contains the active substance linagliptin which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". oral anti - diabetics are used to treat high blood sugar levels . they work by helping the body reduce the level of sugar in your blood . trajenta is used for ' type 2 diabetes ' in adults , if the disease cannot be adequately controlled with one oral anti - diabetic medicine ( metformin or sulphonylureas ) or diet and exercise alone . trajenta may be used together with other anti - diabetic medicines e . g . metformin , sulphonylureas ( e . g . glimepiride , glipizide ), empagliflozin , or insulin . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor or nurse .
the active substance of rivastigmine teva is rivastigmine rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . rivastigmine teva is used for the treatment of memory disorders in patients with alzheimer ' s disease . it is also used for the treatment of dementia in patients with parkinson ' s disease .
fulphila contains the active substance pegfilgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . fulphila is used to reduce the duration of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you fulphila to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . fulphila is for use in adults aged 18 and over .
cimzia contains the active substance certolizumab pegol , a human antibody fragment . antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other proteins . cimzia binds to a specific protein called tumour necrosis factor α ( tnfα ). thereby this tnfα is blocked by cimzia and this decreases inflammation diseases such as in rheumatoid arthritis , axial spondyloarthritis , psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis . medicines that bind to tnfα are also called tnf blockers . cimzia is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis , axial spondyloarthritis ( including ankylosing spondylitis and axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis ), psoriatic arthritis plaque psoriasis rheumatoid arthritis cimzia is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other medicines usually methotrexate . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cimzia in combination with methotrexate to treat your rheumatoid arthritis . if your doctor determines that methotrexate is inappropriate , cimzia can be given alone . cimzia in combination with methotrexate can also be used to treat severe , active and progressive rheumatoid arthritis without previous use of methotrexate or other medicines . cimzia , which you will take in combination with methotrexate , is used to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage to the cartilage and bone of the joints caused by the disease , improve your physical function and performance of daily tasks . ankylosing spondylitis and axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis cimzia is used to treat severe active ankylosing spondylitis and axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis ( sometimes referred to as non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ). these diseases are inflammatory diseases of the spine . if you have ankylosing spondylitis or non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cimzia to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function and performance of daily tasks . psoriatic arthritis cimzia is used to treat active psoriatic arthritis . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines , usually methotrexate . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cimzia in combination with methotrexate to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function and performance of daily tasks . if your doctor determines that methotrexate is inappropriate , cimzia can be given alone . plaque psoriasis cimzia is used to treat moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the skin , and can also affect your scalp and nails . cimzia is used to reduce skin inflammation and other signs and symptoms of your disease .
how emselex works emselex reduces the activity of an overactive bladder . this enables you to wait longer before you go to the toilet and it increases the amount of urine that your bladder can hold . what emselex can be used for emselex belongs to a class of medicines which relax the muscles of the bladder . it is used in adults for the treatment of the symptoms of overactive bladder conditions - such as a sudden urge to rush to the toilet , needing to go to the toilet frequently and / or not getting to the toilet in time and wetting yourself ( urge incontinence ).
sprimeo hct tablets contain two active substances , called aliskiren and hydrochlorothiazide . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure ( hypertension ). aliskiren is a substance that belongs to a new group of medicines called renin inhibitors . these reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can make . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to tighten , which makes blood pressure higher . lowering the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax ; this lowers blood pressure . hydrochlorothiazide belongs to a group of medicines called thiazide diuretics . hydrochlorothiazide increases urine output , which also lowers blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the brain , heart and kidneys , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders . sprimeo hct is used to treat high blood pressure .
tracleer tablets contain bosentan , which blocks a naturally occurring hormone called endothelin - 1 ( et - 1 ), which causes blood vessels to narrow . tracleer therefore causes blood vessels to expand and belongs to the class of medicines called " endothelin receptor antagonists ". tracleer is used to treat : pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ): pah is a disease of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this pressure reduces the amount of oxygen that can get into the blood in the lungs , making physical activity more difficult . tracleer widens the pulmonary arteries , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat patients with class iii pah to improve exercise capacity ( the ability to carry out physical activity ) and symptoms . the ' class ' reflects the seriousness of the disease : ' class iii ' involves marked limitation of physical activity . some improvements have also been shown in patients with class ii pah . ' class ii ' involves slight limitation of physical activity . the pah for which tracleer is indicated can be : primary ( with no identified cause or familial ); caused by scleroderma ( also called systemic sclerosis , a disease where there is abnormal growth of the connective tissue that supports the skin and other organs ); caused by congenital ( inborn ) heart defects with shunts ( abnormal passageways ) causing abnormal flow of blood through the heart and lungs . digital ulcers : ( sores on the fingers and toes ) in adult patients with a condition called scleroderma . tracleer reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear .
litak contains the active substance cladribine . cladribine is a cytostatic agent . it affects the growth of malignant ( cancerous ) white blood cells which play a role in hairy cell leukaemia . litak is used to treat this disease .
what ocrevus is ocrevus contains the active substance ' ocrelizumab '. it is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your body . what ocrevus is used for ocrevus is used to treat adults with : relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis ( rms ) early primary progressive multiple sclerosis ( ppms ) what is multiple sclerosis multiple sclerosis ( ms ) affects the central nervous system , especially the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s defence system ) works incorrectly and attacks a protective layer ( called myelin sheath ) around nerve cells and causes inflammation . breakdown of the myelin sheath stops the nerves working properly . symptoms of ms depend on which part of the central nervous system is affected and can include problems with walking and balance , weakness , numbness , double vision and blurring , poor coordination and bladder problems . in relapsing forms of ms , the patient has repeated attacks of symptoms ( relapses ). the symptoms can appear suddenly within a few hours , or slowly over several days . the symptoms disappear or improve between relapses but damage may build up and lead to permanent disability . in primary progressive ms , the symptoms generally continue to worsen from the start of the disease . how does ocrevus work ? ocrevus attaches to specific b cells , which are a type of white blood cells that are part of the immune system and play a role in ms . ocrevus targets and removes those specific b cells . this reduces inflammation and attacks on the myelin sheath , reduces the chance of having a relapse and slows the progression of your disease . in relapsing forms of ms ( rms ), ocrevus helps to significantly reduce the number of attacks ( relapses ) and significantly slow down the progression of the disease . ocrevus also significantly increases the chance of a patient having no evidence of disease activity ( brain lesions , relapses and worsening of disability ). in primary progressive ms ( ppms ), ocrevus helps to slow down the progression of the disease and reduce deterioration in walking speed .
what pergoveris is pergoveris contains two different active substances called " follitropin alfa " and " lutropin alfa ". both belong to the family of hormones called " gonadotropins ", which are involved in reproduction and fertility . what pergoveris is used for this medicine is used to stimulate the development of follicles ( each containing an egg ) in your ovaries . this is to help you get pregnant . it is for use in adult women ( 18 years old or above ) who have low levels ( severe deficiency ) of " follicle stimulating hormone " ( fsh ) and " luteinising hormone " ( lh ). these women are usually infertile . how pergoveris works the active substances in pergoveris are copies of the natural hormones fsh and lh . in your body : fsh stimulates the production of eggs lh stimulates the release of the eggs . by replacing the missing hormones , pergoveris allows women with low levels of fsh and lh to develop a follicle . this will then release an egg , after an injection of the hormone " human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg )". this helps the women to become pregnant .
what slenyto is slenyto is a medicine that contains the active ingredient , melatonin . melatonin is a hormone produced naturally by the body . what it is used for slenyto is for use in children and adolescents ( 2 to 18 years old ) with autism spectrum disorder ( asd ) and / or smith - magenis syndrome , a neurogenetic disease ( inherited condition affecting the nerves and brain ). slenyto shortens the time it takes to fall asleep and lengthens the duration of sleep . it is for the treatment of insomnia ( sleeplessness ) when a healthy sleeping routine ( such as a regular bedtime and soothing sleeping environment ) has not worked well enough . the medicine can help you or your child fall asleep and may help you or your child sleep for longer during the night .
what is zabdeno zabdeno is a vaccine used to protect against ebola virus disease in the future . it is given to people aged 1 year and older who may possibly come into contact with ebola virus . zabdeno is given as the first dose of a 2 - dose course of vaccinations to protect you from getting ebola virus disease caused by the zaire ebolavirus , which is a type of filovirus . this vaccine will not protect you against the other types of filovirus . because zabdeno does not contain the whole ebola virus , it cannot give you ebola virus disease . the 2 - dose course of vaccinations consists of : a first dose of zabdeno vaccine , followed around 8 weeks later by a dose with mvabea vaccine . even after you have had the course of zabdeno and mvabea vaccination you should be very careful not to come into contact with ebola virus . as with all vaccinations , the vaccination course may not fully protect everyone from ebola virus disease . the zabdeno and mvabea 2 - dose course of vaccinations should be used according to official recommendations . what is ebola ebola is a serious disease caused by a virus . people catch ebola from people or animals who are infected with ebola virus or who died from ebola . you can catch ebola from blood and body fluids like urine , stools , saliva , vomit , sweat , breast milk , semen and vaginal fluids of people who are infected with ebola virus . you can also catch ebola from things that have touched the blood or body fluids of a person or animal with ebola ( like clothes or objects in direct contact ). ebola is not spread through the air , water or food . ebola virus disease usually causes a high fever and it can stop the blood from clotting , causing severe bleeding (' severe haemorrhagic fever '). this can lead to serious illness , and in some cases death . first signs and symptoms may be fever , feeling tired , weak or dizzy , and muscle aches . later signs and symptoms may include bleeding under the skin , into organs in the body such as the liver or kidneys and from the mouth , eyes or ears . some people get severe diarrhea , sudden drop in blood pressure or blood flow to the organs in the body ( shock ) which may cause serious and permanent damage to these organs , severe confusion ( delirium ), fits ( seizures ), kidney failure and coma . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse first to decide if you should be given this vaccine . how the vaccine works the zabdeno and mvabea 2 - dose vaccine course stimulates the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ). the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus that causes the ebola infection . this will help to protect against ebola virus disease in the future .
sixmo contains the active substance buprenorphine , which is a type of opioid medicine . it is used to treat opioid dependence in adults who are also receiving medical , social and psychological support .
marixino contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . it belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . marixino belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . marixino acts on these nmda - receptors improving the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . marixino is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
twinrix paediatric is a vaccine used in infants , children and adolescents from 1 year up to and including 15 years to prevent two diseases : hepatitis a and hepatitis b . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . hepatitis a : hepatitis a is an infectious disease , which can affect the liver . this disease is caused by the hepatitis a virus . the hepatitis a virus can be passed from person to person in food and drink , or by swimming in water contaminated by sewage . symptoms of hepatitis a begin 3 to 6 weeks after coming into contact with the virus . these consist of nausea ( feeling sick ), fever and aches and pains . after a few days the whites of eyes and skin may become yellowish ( jaundice ). the severity and type of symptoms can vary . young children may not develop jaundice . most people recover completely but the illness is usually severe enough to keep people off work for about a month . hepatitis b : hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the liver to become swollen ( inflamed ). the virus is found in body fluids such as blood , semen , vaginal secretions , or saliva ( spit ) of infected people . vaccination is the best way to protect against these diseases . none of the components in the vaccine are infectious .
ceprotin belongs to a class of medicines called antithrombotics . this medicine contains protein c , a natural protein that is made in the liver and is present in your blood . protein c plays a major role in prevention of excessive clot formation thus , prevent and / or treat intravascular thrombosis . ceprotin is used in the treatment and prevention of thrombotic and haemorrhagic skin lesions ( named purpura fulminans ) in patients with severe congenital protein c deficiency . additionally , ceprotin may be used to treat a rare complication of a blood thinner medication ( anticoagulant medication named coumarin ) which may result in severe skin lesion ( necrosis ). furthermore ceprotin is used to prevent thrombosis in patients with severe congenital protein c deficiency if one or more of the following conditions are met : surgery or invasive therapy is imminent while initiating coumarin ( anticoagulant medication , blood thinner ) therapy when coumarin therapy alone is not sufficient when coumarin therapy is not feasible .
nubeqa contains the active substance darolutamide . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body and no longer responds to medical or surgical treatment that lowers testosterone ( also called castration - resistant prostate cancer ). how nubeqa works nubeqa blocks the activity of male sex hormones called androgens , such as testosterone . by blocking these hormones , darolutamide stops prostate cancer cells from growing and dividing .
what entyvio is entyvio contains the active substance ' vedolizumab '. vedolizumab belongs to a group of biological medicines called monoclonal antibodies ( mabs ). how entyvio works entyvio works by blocking a protein on the surface of white blood cells that cause the inflammation in ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease . this reduces the amount of inflammation . what entyvio is used for entyvio is used to treat the signs and symptoms in adults of : moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis moderately to severely active crohn ' s disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is a disease that causes inflammation of the large bowel . if you have ulcerative colitis , you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough or cannot tolerate these medicines , your doctor may give you entyvio to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is a disease that causes inflammation of the digestive system . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough or cannot tolerate these medicines , your doctor may give you entyvio to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
paglitaz contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . paglitaz helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether paglitaz is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . paglitaz may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , sulphonylurea or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control in blood sugar .
janumet contains two different medicines called sitagliptin and metformin . ? sitagliptin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) ? metformin belongs to a class of medicines called biguanides . they work together to control blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . along with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower your blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
what sarclisa is sarclisa is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance isatuximab . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies , such as sarclisa , are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach themselves to a target substance . in the case of sarclisa , the target is a substance called cd38 that is found on cells of multiple myeloma , a cancer of the bone marrow . by attaching to multiple myeloma cells , the medicine helps your immune system ( the natural defences of your body ) identify and destroy them . what is sarclisa used for sarclisa is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least 2 treatments for multiple myeloma before . it is used together with two other medicines called pomalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions on how sarclisa works or about your treatment with sarclisa , ask your doctor .
kyntheum is a medicine that contains the active substance brodalumab . brodalumab is a monoclonal antibody , a specialised type of protein that recognises and attaches to certain proteins in the body . brodalumab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of il - 17 proteins , which are present at increased levels in diseases such as psoriasis . kyntheum is used to treat a skin condition called " plaque psoriasis ", which causes inflammation and scaly plaque formation on the skin . kyntheum is used in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis affecting large areas of the body . using kyntheum will benefit you by leading to improvements of skin clearance and reducing psoriasis signs and symptoms , such as itch , redness , scaling , burning , stinging , cracking , flaking and pain .
pemetrexed fresenius kabi is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
what talzenna is and how it works talzenna contains the active substance talazoparib . it is a type of anticancer medicine known as a ' parp ( poly - adp ribose polymerase ) inhibitor '. patients with changes ( mutations ) in genes called brca are at risk of developing some forms of cancer . talzenna works by blocking parp , which is an enzyme that repairs damaged dna in certain cancer cells . as a result , the cancer cells can no longer repair themselves and they die . what talzenna is used for talzenna is used to treat adults with breast cancer of a type known as her2 - negative breast cancer who have an abnormal inherited brca gene . talzenna is used when the cancer has spread beyond the original tumour or to other parts of the body . your healthcare provider will perform a test to make sure that talzenna is right for you . if you have any questions about how talzenna works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what mabthera is mabthera contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what mabthera is used for mabthera may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults and children . your doctor may prescribe mabthera for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in adults mabthera can be given alone or with other medicines called " chemotherapy ". in adult patients where the treatment is working , mabthera may be used as a maintenance treatment for 2 years after completing the initial treatment . in children and adolescents , mabthera is given in combination with " chemotherapy ". b ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) rheumatoid arthritis mabthera is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in people who have already tried some other medicines which have either stopped working , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . mabthera is usually taken together with another medicine called methotrexate . mabthera slows down the damage to your joints caused by rheumatoid arthritis and improves your ability to do normal daily activities . the best responses to mabthera are seen in those who have a positive blood test to rheumatoid factor ( rf ) and / or anti - cyclic citrullinated peptide ( anti - ccp ). both tests are commonly positive in rheumatoid arthritis and aid in confirming the diagnosis . d ) granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis mabthera is used for the treatment of adults and children 2 years of age and older with granulomatosis with polyangiitis ( formerly called wegener ' s granulomatosis ) or microscopic polyangiitis , taken in combination with corticosteroids . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . e ) pemphigus vulgaris mabthera is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
cyramza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ramucirumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . this is a specialised protein that can recognise and attach to another protein found on blood vessels called ' vegf receptor 2 '. this receptor is needed in the development of new blood vessels . to grow , cancer needs new blood vessels to develop . by attaching to ' vegf receptor 2 ' and blocking it the medicine cuts off the blood supply to the cancer cells . cyramza is given in combination with paclitaxel , another anti - cancer medicine , for the treatment of advanced stomach cancer ( or cancer of the junction between the oesophagus and the stomach ) in adults whose disease has worsened after treatment with medicines to treat cancer . cyramza is used for the treatment of advanced stomach cancer ( or cancer of the junction between the oesophagus and the stomach ) in adults whose disease has worsened after treatment with medicines to treat cancer and for whom treatment of cyramza in combination with paclitaxel is not suitable . cyramza is used to treat advanced cancers of the colon or rectum ( parts of the large intestine ) in adults . it is given with other medicines called ' folfiri chemotherapy ', including ' 5 - fluorouracil ', ' folinic acid ', and ' irinotecan '. cyramza is given in combination with erlotinib , another anti - cancer medicine , as the first therapy for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when the cancer cells have specific changes ( mutations ) in the epidermal growth factor receptor gene . cyramza is given in combination with docetaxel , another anti - cancer medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has worsened after treatment with medicines to treat cancer . cyramza is used to treat liver cancer that is advanced or cannot be taken out by surgery , in adults who have been previously treated with another anticancer medicine ( sorafenib ) and who have an elevated level of a particular protein in the blood ( alpha fetoprotein ).
deferiprone lipomed contains the active substance deferiprone . deferiprone lipomed is an iron chelator , a type of medicine that removes excess iron from the body . deferiprone lipomed is used to treat iron overload caused by frequent blood transfusions in patients with thalassaemia major when current chelation therapy is contraindicated or inadequate .
baraclude tablets are anti - viral medicines , used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . baraclude can be used in people whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ) and in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). baraclude tablets are also used to treat chronic ( long term ) hbv infection in children and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 18 years . baraclude can be used in children whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . baraclude reduces the amount of virus in your body , and improves the condition of the liver .
xeristar contains the active substance duloxetine . xeristar increases the levels of serotonin and noradrenaline in the nervous system . xeristar is used in adults to treat : depression generalised anxiety disorder ( chronic feeling of anxiety or nervousness ) diabetic neuropathic pain ( often described as burning , stabbing , stinging , shooting or aching or like an electric shock . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or sensations such as touch , heat , cold or pressure may cause pain ) xeristar starts to work in most people with depression or anxiety within two weeks of starting treatment , but it may take 2 - 4 weeks before you feel better . tell your doctor if you do not start to feel better after this time . your doctor may continue to give you xeristar when you are feeling better to prevent your depression or anxiety from returning . in people with diabetic neuropathic pain it can take some weeks before you feel better . talk to your doctor if you do not feel better after 2 months .
epclusa is a medicine that contains the active substances sofosbuvir and velpatasvir in a single tablet . it is given to treat a chronic ( long - term ) viral infection of the liver called hepatitis c in adults of 18 years and older . the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , allowing the infection to be permanently eliminated from the body . epclusa is sometimes taken with another medicine , ribavirin . it is very important that you also read the leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with epclusa . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zubsolv contains the active substances buprenorphine and naloxone . zubsolv is used to treat dependence on opioid ( narcotic ) drugs such as heroin or morphine in drug addicts who have agreed to be treated for their addiction . zubsolv is used in adults and adolescents over 15 years of age , who are also receiving medical , social and psychological support . how zubsolv works the tablet contains buprenorphine which is responsible for the treatment of opioid ( narcotic ) dependence . it also contains naloxone which is used to deter intravenous abuse of the product .
fluad tetra is a vaccine against flu ( influenza ). when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the influenza virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . fluad tetra is used to prevent flu in elderly adults of 65 years of age and older . the vaccine targets four strains of influenza virus following the recommendations by the world health organisation for the xxxx / xxxx season .
ribavirin teva pharma b . v . contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of many types of viruses , including hepatitis c virus . this medicine must not be used without interferon alfa - 2b , i . e . ribavirin teva pharma b . v . must not be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin teva pharma b . v . with interferon alfa - 2b is used to treat patients 3 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for paediatric patients ( children and adolescents ) weighing less than 47 kg a solution formulation is available . previously treated adult patients : the combination of ribavirin teva pharma b . v . with interferon alfa - 2b is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with pegylated or other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kanjinti contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when trastuzumab binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe kanjinti for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , with high levels of a protein called her2 . you have metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour ) with high levels of her2 . kanjinti may be prescribed in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or docetaxel as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 and hormone - receptor positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female sex hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - fluorouracil and cisplatin .
obiltoxaximab sfl contains the active substance obiltoxaximab . obiltoxaximab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to and inactivates the toxins produced by the bacteria that causes anthrax . obiltoxaximab sfl is used with antibiotic medicines to treat adults and children with anthrax caused by breathing in the bacteria ( inhalational anthrax ). obiltoxaximab sfl may also be used if you could have come into contact with anthrax bacteria or spores but do not have any symptoms of the disease , and if there is no other treatment available and appropriate .
onsenal belongs to a group of medicines called cyclo - oxygenase - 2 ( cox - 2 ) inhibitors . cyclo - oxygenase - 2 is an enzyme that increases at inflammatory sites and in abnormally growing cells . onsenal works by inhibiting cox - 2 , to which such dividing cells are sensitive . as a consequence the cells die . onsenal is used to reduce the number of gastrointestinal polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis ( fap ). fap is an inherited disorder in which the rectum and colon are covered with many polyps that might develop colorectal cancer . onsenal should be used along with the usual care for fap patients such as surgery and endoscopic surveillance .
photobarr is a light - activated medicine used in photodynamic therapy ( pdt ) in combination with a non - burning red laser light . pdt specifically targets and destroys abnormal cells . photobarr is used to remove high - grade dysplasia ( cells with atypical changes that increase the risk of developing cancer ) in patients with barrett ' s oesophagus ( gullet ).
cinryze contains the human protein called " c1 inhibitor " as the active substance . c1 inhibitor is a naturally occurring protein that is normally present in the blood . if you have a low amount of c1 inhibitor in your blood or your c1 inhibitor is not working properly , this can lead to swelling attacks ( called angioedema ). symptoms may include stomach pains and swelling of the : hands and feet face , eyelids , lips or tongue voice - box ( larynx ), which may make breathing difficult genitals in adults and children , cinryze can raise the amount of c1 inhibitor in the blood and either prevent ( prior to undergoing medical or dental procedures ) these swelling attacks from occurring or stop swelling attacks once they have begun . in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 6 years and above ), cinryze can raise the amount of c1 inhibitor in the blood and routinely prevent swelling attacks from occurring .
zoledronic acid teva generics contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates and is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis or osteoporosis caused by treatment with steroids , and paget ' s disease of the bone in adults . osteoporosis osteoporosis is a disease that involves the thinning and weakening of the bones and is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause bone loss occurs , bones become weaker and break more easily . osteoporosis could also occur in men and women because of the long term use of steroids , which can affect the strength of bones . many patients with osteoporosis have no symptoms but they are still at risk of breaking bones because osteoporosis has made their bones weaker . decreased circulating levels of sex hormones , mainly oestrogens converted from androgens , also play a role in the more gradual bone loss observed in men . in both women and men , zoledronic acid teva generics strengthens the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . zoledronic acid teva generics is also used in patients who have recently broken their hip in a minor trauma such as a fall and therefore are at risk of subsequent bone breaks . paget ' s disease of the bone it is normal that old bone is removed and is replaced with new bone material . this process is called remodelling . in paget ' s disease , bone remodelling is too rapid and new bone is formed in a disordered fashion , which makes it weaker than normal . if the disease is not treated , bones may become deformed and painful , and may break . zoledronic acid teva generics works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the bone .
how does memantine accord work memantine accord contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . memantine accordbelongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . memantine accord belongs to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . memantine accord acts on these nmda - receptors improving the transmission of nerve signals and the memory . what is memantine accord used for memantine accordis used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
cinacalcet mylan contains the active ingredient cinacalcet , which works by controlling the levels of parathyroid hormone ( pth ), calcium and phosphorous in your body . it is used to treat problems with organs called parathyroid glands . the parathyroids are four small glands in the neck , near the thyroid gland , that produce parathyroid hormone ( pth ). cinacalcet mylan is used : to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with serious kidney disease who need dialysis to clear their blood of waste products to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with parathyroid cancer to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism when removal of the parathyroid gland is not possible . in primary and secondary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is produced by the parathyroid glands . " primary " means that the hyperparathyroidism is not caused by any other condition and " secondary " means that the hyperparathyroidism is caused by another condition , e . g . kidney disease . both primary and secondary hyperparathyroidism can cause loss of calcium in the bones , which can lead to bone pain and fractures , problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney stones , mental illness and coma .
aprovel belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . aprovel prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . aprovel slows the decrease of kidney function in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes . aprovel is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the kidney in patients with high blood pressure , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
intrarosa contains the active substance prasterone . what intrarosa is used for intrarosa is used to treat postmenopausal women having moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy . it is used to relieve menopausal symptoms in the vagina such as dryness or irritation . it is caused by a drop in the levels of oestrogen in your body . this happens naturally after the menopause . how intrarosa works prasterone corrects the symptoms and signs of vulvar and vaginal atrophy by replacing the oestrogens which are normally produced before menopause by the ovaries of women . it is inserted into your vagina , so the hormone is released where it is needed . this may relieve discomfort in the vagina .
orbactiv is an antibiotic that contains the active substance oritavancin . oritavancin is a type of antibiotic ( a lipoglycopeptide antibiotic ) that can kill or stop the growth of certain bacteria . orbactiv is used to treat infections of the skin and underlying tissues . it is for use in adults only . orbactiv can only be used to treat infections caused by bacteria known as gram positive bacteria . in mixed infections where other types of bacteria are suspected , your doctor will give you other appropriate antibiotics together with orbactiv .
ivozall contains the active substance clofarabine . clofarabine is one of a family of medicines called anticancer medicines . it works by hindering the growth of abnormal white blood cells , and eventually kills them . it works best against cells which are multiplying quickly such as cancer cells . ivozall is used to treat children (≥ 1 year old ), teenagers and young adults up to 21 years old with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( all ) when previous treatments have not worked or have stopped working . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is caused by abnormal growth of some types of white blood cells .
neulasta contains the active substance pegfilgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . neulasta is used to reduce the duration of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you neulasta to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
hyrimoz contains the active substance adalimumab , a medicine that acts on your body ' s immune ( defence ) system . hyrimoz is intended for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis , enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric plaque psoriasis , paediatric crohn ' s disease , paediatric non - infectious uveitis . the active ingredient in hyrimoz , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , hyrimoz blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints that usually first appear in childhood . hyrimoz is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 84 to 17 years and enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . patients may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , patients will be given hyrimoz to treat their polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis or enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory skin condition that causes red , flaky , crusty patches of skin covered with silvery scales . plaque psoriasis can also affect the nails , causing them to crumble , become thickened and lift away from the nail bed which can be painful . psoriasis is believed to be caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . hyrimoz is also used to treat severe plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years for whom medicines applied to the skin and treatment with uv light have either not worked very well or are not suitable . paediatric crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the gut . hyrimoz is used to treat moderate to severe crohn ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given hyrimoz to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric non - infectious uveitis non - infectious uveitis is an inflammatory disease affecting certain parts of the eye . the inflammation leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). hyrimoz works by reducing this inflammation . hyrimoz is used to treat children from 2 years of age with chronic non - infectious uveitis with inflammation affecting the front of the eye . your child may first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given hyrimoz to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
daurismo is a cancer medicine containing the active substance glasdegib . daurismo is used with another cancer medicine , cytarabine , to treat adults newly diagnosed with a blood cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). how daurismo works in aml , cancer cells called stem cells constantly make new leukaemic cancer cells . daurismo works by blocking a key process in these stem cells , called the hedgehog ( hh ) pathway . this reduces their ability to make new cancer cells . by blocking the hh pathway , daurismo can also make cancer cells more sensitive to a cancer medicine , cytarabine , used to treat aml . combining daurismo with the medicine cytarabine may increase how long patients are likely to live by decreasing growth of the cancer and possibly by increasing cancer cell death . if you have any questions about how daurismo works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
gencebok contains the active substance caffeine citrate , which is a stimulant of the central nervous system , belonging to a group of medicines called methylxanthines . gencebok is used in the treatment of interrupted breathing in premature babies ( primary apnoea of premature newborns ). these short periods when premature babies stop breathing are due to the baby ' s breathing centres not being fully developed . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of episodes of interrupted breathing in premature newborns .
insuman rapid contains the active substance insulin human which is made by a biotechnology process and is identical with the body ' s own insulin . insuman rapid is an insulin solution with a rapid onset and short duration of action . insuman rapid is used to reduce high blood sugar in patients with diabetes mellitus who need treatment with insulin . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . insuman rapid may also be used for treating hyperglycaemic coma ( coma caused by too much blood sugar ) and ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ) as well as for controlling blood sugar before , during and after surgery .
osseor is a medicine used to treat severe osteoporosis : - in postmenopausal women , - in adult men , at high risk of fracture , for whom other alternative treatments are not possible . in postmenopausal women , strontium ranelate reduces the risk of fracture at the spine and at the hip . about osteoporosis your body is constantly breaking down old bone and making new bone tissue . if you have osteoporosis , your body breaks down more bone than it forms so that gradually bone loss occurs and your bones become thinner and fragile . this is especially common in women after the menopause . many people with osteoporosis have no symptoms and you may not even know that you have it . however , osteoporosis makes you more likely to have fractures ( break bones ), especially in your spine , hips and wrists . how osseor works osseor , which contains the substance strontium ranelate , belongs to a group of medicines used to treat bone diseases . osseor works by reducing bone breakdown and stimulating rebuilding of bone and therefore reduces the risk of fracture . the newly formed bone is of normal quality .
quixidar is a medicine that helps prevent blood clots from forming in the blood vessels ( an antithrombotic agent ). quixidar contains a synthetic substance called fondaparinux sodium . this stops a clotting factor xa (" ten - a ") from working in the blood , and so prevents unwanted blood clots ( thromboses ) from forming in the blood vessels . quixidar is used to : prevent the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels of the legs or lungs after orthopaedic surgery ( such as hip or knee surgery ) or abdominal surgery prevent the formation of blood clots during and shortly after a period of restricted mobility due to acute illness .
what leqvio is and how it works leqvio contains the active substance inclisiran . inclisiran lowers levels of ldl - cholesterol (" bad " cholesterol ), which can cause heart and blood circulation problems when levels are raised . inclisiran works by interfering with rna ( genetic material in body cells ) to limit the production of a protein called pcsk9 . this protein can increase ldl - cholesterol levels and preventing its production helps to lower your ldl - cholesterol levels . what leqvio is used for leqvio is used in addition to your cholesterol - lowering diet if you are an adult with a high cholesterol level in your blood ( primary hypercholesterolaemia , including heterozygous familial and non - familial , or mixed dyslipidaemia ). leqvio is given : - together with a statin ( a type of medicine that treats high cholesterol ), sometimes combined with another cholesterol - lowering treatment if the maximum dose of the statin does not work well enough , or - alone or together with other cholesterol - lowering medicines when statins do not work well or cannot be used .
what aerinaze is aerinaze tablets contain a combination of two active ingredients , desloratadine which is an antihistamine and pseudoephedrine sulphate which is a decongestant . how aerinaze works antihistamines help to reduce allergic symptoms by preventing the effects of a substance called histamine , which is produced by the body . decongestants help to clear nasal congestion ( blocked / stuffy nose ). when aerinaze should be used aerinaze tablets relieve symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis ( hay fever ), such as , sneezing , runny or itchy nose , and eyes , when accompanied by nasal congestion in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older .
luxturna is a gene therapy product that contains the active substance voretigene neparvovec . luxturna is used for the treatment of adults and children with vision loss due to inherited retinal dystrophy caused by mutations in the rpe65 gene . these mutations prevent the body from producing a protein needed for vision and so lead to loss of sight and eventual blindness . the active substance in luxturna , voretigene neparvovec , is a modified virus that contains a working copy of the rpe65 gene . after injection it delivers this gene into the cells of the retina , the layer at the back of the eye that detects light . this enables the retina to produce the proteins needed for vision . the virus used to deliver the gene does not cause disease in humans . luxturna will be given to you only if genetic testing shows that your vision loss is caused by mutations in the rpe65 gene .
epivir is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children . the active ingredient in epivir is lamivudine . epivir is a type of medicine known as an anti - retroviral . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). epivir does not completely cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . it also increases the cd4 cell count in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with epivir in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
trulicity contains an active substance called dulaglutide and is used to lower blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus and can help prevent heart disease . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . trulicity is used : - on its own if your blood sugar is not properly controlled by diet and exercise alone , and you can ' t take metformin ( another diabetes medicine ). - or with other medicines for diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood sugar levels . these other medicines may be medicines taken by mouth and / or insulin given by injection . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what farydak is farydak is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance panobinostat , which belongs to a group of medicines called pan - deacetylase inhibitors . what farydak is used for farydak is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of blood cancer called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a disorder of plasma cells ( a type of blood cell ) that grow out of control in the bone marrow . farydak blocks the growth of cancerous plasma cells and reduces the number of cancer cells . farydak is always used together with two other medicines : bortezomib and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how farydak works or why you have been given it , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
myozyme is used to treat adults , children and adolescents of all ages who have a confirmed diagnosis of pompe disease . people with pompe disease have low levels of an enzyme called alpha - glucosidase . this enzyme helps the body control levels of glycogen ( a type of carbohydrate ). glycogen provides the body with energy , but in pompe disease the levels of glycogen can get too high . myozyme contains an artificial enzyme called alglucosidase alfa this can replace the natural enzyme which is lacking in pompe disease .
the active substance of rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease . rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour .
what vitrakvi is used for vitrakvi contains the active substance larotrectinib . it is used in adults , adolescents and children to treat solid tumours ( cancer ) in various parts of the body that are caused by a change in the ntrk gene ( neurotrophic tyrosine receptor kinase ). vitrakvi is only used when - these cancers are advanced or have spread to other parts of the body or if a surgery to remove the cancer is likely to cause severe complications and - there are no satisfactory treatment options . before you are given vitrakvi , your doctor will do a test to check if you have the change in the ntrk gene . how vitrakvi works in patients whose cancer is due to an altered ntrk gene , the change in the gene causes the body to make an abnormal protein called trk fusion protein , which can lead to uncontrolled cell growth and cancer . vitrakvi blocks the action of trk fusion proteins and so may slow or stop the growth of the cancer . it may also help to shrink the cancer . if you have any questions on how vitrakvi works or why it has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
biresp spiromax contains two different active substances : budesonide and formoterol fumarate dihydrate . budesonide belongs to a group of medicines called ' corticosteroids ' also known as ' steroids '. it works by reducing and preventing swelling and inflammation in your lungs and helps you to breathe more easily . formoterol fumarate dihydrate belongs to a group of medicines called ' long - acting β2 adrenoceptor agonists ' or ' bronchodilators '. it works by relaxing the muscles in your airways . this will help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . biresp spiromax is indicated for use in adults 18 years of age and older only . biresp spiromax is not indicated for use in children 12 years of age and younger or adolescents 13 to 17 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). asthma biresp spiromax can be prescribed for asthma in two different ways . a ) you may be prescribed two asthma inhalers : biresp spiromax together with a separate ' reliever inhaler ' such as salbutamol . use biresp spiromax every day . this helps to prevent asthma symptoms such as breathlessness and wheezing from occurring . use the ' reliever inhaler ' when you get asthma symptoms , to make it easier to breathe again . b ) you may be prescribed biresp spiromax as your only asthma inhaler . use biresp spiromax every day . this helps to prevent asthma symptoms such as breathlessness and wheezing from occurring . use biresp spiromax when you need to take extra inhalations or puffs for relief of asthma symptoms , to make it easier to breathe again and if agreed with the doctor also to prevent asthma symptoms from happening ( for example , when exercising or on exposure to allergens ). they do not need a separate inhaler for this . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . symptoms include shortness of breath , cough , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . biresp spiromax can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults only .
velmetia contains two different medicines called sitagliptin and metformin . sitagliptin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) metformin belongs to a class of medicines called biguanides . they work together to control blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . along with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower your blood sugar . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel kabi . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel kabi could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of lung cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , docetaxel kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , docetaxel kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , docetaxel kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
you have been given xarelto because - you have been diagnosed with an acute coronary syndrome ( a group of conditions that includes heart attack and unstable angina , a severe type of chest pain ) and have been shown to have had an increase in certain cardiac blood tests . xarelto reduces the risk in adults of having another heart attack or reduces the risk of dying from a disease related to your heart or your blood vessels . xarelto will not be given to you on its own . your doctor will also tell you to take either : acetylsalicylic acid or acetylsalicylic acid plus clopidogrel or ticlopidine . or - you have been diagnosed with a high risk of getting a blood clot due to a coronary artery disease or peripheral artery disease which causes symptoms . xarelto reduces the risk in adults of getting blot clots ( atherothrombotic events ). xarelto will not be given to you on its own . your doctor will also tell you to take acetylsalicylic acid . xarelto contains the active substance rivaroxaban and belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . it works by blocking a blood clotting factor ( factor xa ) and thus reducing the tendency of the blood to form clots .
zercepac contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when zercepac binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe zercepac for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , with high levels of a protein called her2 . you have metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour ) with high levels of her2 . zercepac may be prescribed in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or docetaxel as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 and hormone receptor - positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female sex hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - flououracil and cisplatin .
firazyr contains the active substance icatibant . firazyr is used for treating the symptoms of hereditary angioedema ( hae ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . in hae levels of a substance in your bloodstream called bradykinin are increased and this leads to symptoms like swelling , pain , nausea , and diarrhoea . firazyr blocks the activity of bradykinin and therefore ends the further progression of the symptoms .
leflunomide zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance leflunomide . leflunomide zentiva is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anaemia ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
rhokiinsa contains an active substance called netarsudil . netarsudil belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors ", which work to reduce the amount of fluid inside the eye and so lower its pressure . rhokiinsa is used to lower pressure in the eyes in adults who have an eye condition known as glaucoma or who have raised pressure in their eyes . if the pressure in the eye is too high , it can damage your sight .
omnitrope is a recombinant human growth hormone ( also called somatropin ). it has the same structure as natural human growth hormone which is needed for bones and muscles to grow . it also helps your fat and muscle tissues to develop in the right amounts . it is recombinant meaning it is not made from human or animal tissue . in children omnitrope is used to treat the following growth disturbances : if you are not growing properly and you do not have enough of your own growth hormone . if you have turner syndrome . turner syndrome is a genetic disorder in girls that can affect growth your doctor will have told you if you have this . if you have chronic renal ( kidney ) insufficiency . as kidneys lose their ability to function normally , this can affect growth . if you were small or too light at birth . growth hormone can help you grow taller if you have not been able to catch up or maintain normal growth by 4 years of age or later . if you have prader - willi syndrome ( a chromosomal disorder ). growth hormone will help you grow taller if you are still growing , and will also improve your body composition . your excessive fat will decrease and your reduced muscle mass will improve . in adults omnitrope is used to treat persons with pronounced growth hormone deficiency . this can start during either adult life or it can continue from childhood . if you have been treated with omnitrope for growth hormone deficiency during childhood , your growth hormone status will be retested after completion of growth . if severe growth hormone deficiency is confirmed , your doctor will propose continuation of omnitrope treatment . you should only be given this medicine by a doctor who has experience with growth hormone treatment and who has confirmed your diagnosis .
kentera is used in adults to control the symptoms of urge incontinence and / or increased urinary frequency and urgency . kentera works by allowing the bladder to expand and accommodate more urine .
for the treatment of parkinson ´ s disease , tasmar is used together with the medicinal product levodopa ( as levodopa / benserazide or levodopa / carbidopa ). tasmar is used when all other alternative medicines cannot stabilise your parkinson ' s disease . for the treatment of your parkinson ´ s disease you already take levodopa . a natural protein ( enzyme ) in your body , the ( comt ) catechol - o - methyltransferase breaks down the levodopa . . tasmar blocks this enzyme and thus slows the breakdown of levodopa . this means when it is taken together with levodopa ( as levodopa / benserazide or levodopa / carbidopa ) you should have an improvement in the symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease .
the active ingredient in foscan is temoporfin . foscan is a porphyrin photosensitising medicine , which increases your sensitivity to light and is activated by light from a laser in a treatment called photodynamic therapy . foscan is used for the treatment of head and neck cancer in patients who cannot be treated with other therapies .
pretomanid fgk contains the active substance pretomanid , a type of antibiotic . antibiotics are medicines used to kill bacteria that cause diseases . pretomanid fgk is used in combination with two other medicines called linezolid and bedaquiline to treat tuberculosis that affects the lungs , when the disease has become resistant to many other antibiotics : extensively drug resistant tuberculosis or treatment - intolerant or multidrug - resistant tuberculosis it is used in adults 18 years and over .
what urorec is urorec belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a - adrenoreceptor blockers . urorec is selective for the receptors located in the prostate , bladder and urethra . by blocking these receptors , it causes smooth muscle in these tissues to relax . this makes it easier for you to pass water and relieves your symptoms . what urorec is used for urorec is used in adult men to treat the urinary symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , a feeling of not completely emptying the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night .
what dutrebis is dutrebis is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ). it contains the active substances lamivudine and raltegravir : lamivudine belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ) raltegravir belongs to a group of medicines called hiv integrase strand transfer inhibitors what dutrebis is used for dutrebis is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ). hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). dutrebis is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults , adolescents , and children 6 years of age and older and weighing at least 30 kg who are infected by hiv . your doctor has prescribed dutrebis to help control your hiv infection . how dutrebis works when used with other medicines , dutrebis may : reduce the amount of hiv in your blood ( this is called your " viral load ") increase your cd4 - cell count ( a type of white blood cell that plays an important role in maintaining a healthy immune system to help fight infection ). reducing the amount of hiv in the blood may improve the functioning of your immune system . this means your body may fight infection better . dutrebis also helps stop the production of an enzyme called " hiv integrase ". this enzyme is needed for hiv to make more virus . dutrebis is not a cure for hiv infection .
what imnovid is imnovid contains the active substance ' pomalidomide '. this medicine is related to thalidomide and belongs to a group of medicines which affect the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). what imnovid is used for imnovid is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called ' multiple myeloma '. imnovid is either used with : two other medicines - called ' bortezomib ' ( a type of chemotherapy medicine ) and ' dexamethasone ' ( an anti - inflammatory medicine ) in people who have had at least one other treatment - including lenalidomide . or 60 one other medicine - called ' dexamethasone ' in people whose myeloma has become worse , despite having at least two other treatments - including lenalidomide and bortezomib . what is multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a type of cancer which affects a certain type of white blood cell ( called the ' plasma cell '). these cells grow out of control and accumulate in the bone marrow . this results in damage to the bones and kidneys . multiple myeloma generally cannot be cured . however , treatment can reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , or make them disappear for a period of time . when this happens , it is called ' response '. how imnovid works imnovid works in a number of different ways : by stopping the myeloma cells developing by stimulating the immune system to attack the cancer cells by stopping the formation of blood vessels supplying the cancer cells . the benefit of using imnovid with bortezomib and dexamethasone when imnovid is used with bortezomib and dexamethasone , in people who have had at least one other treatment , it can stop multiple myeloma getting worse : on average , imnovid when used with bortezomib and dexamethasone stopped multiple myeloma from coming back for up to 11 months - compared with 7 months for those patients who only used bortezomib and dexamethasone . the benefit of using imnovid with dexamethasone when imnovid is used with dexamethasone , in people who have had at least two other treatments , it can stop multiple myeloma getting worse : on average , imnovid when used with dexamethasone stopped multiple myeloma from coming back for up to 4 months - compared with 2 months for those patients who used only dexamethasone .
pregabalin zentiva k . s . belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain pregabalin zentiva k . s . is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy pregabalin zentiva k . s . is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva k . s . for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva k . s . in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin zentiva k . s . is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder pregabalin zentiva k . s . is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
micardisplus is a combination of two active substances , telmisartan and hydrochlorothiazide in one tablet . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . - telmisartan belongs to a group of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow thus increasing your blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . - hydrochlorothiazide belongs to a group of medicines called thiazide diuretics , which cause your urine output to increase , leading to a lowering of your blood pressure . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . micardisplus is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when telmisartan is used alone .
lartruvo contains the active substance olaratumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . olaratumab recognises and attaches specifically to a protein known as platelet - derived growth factor receptor - α ( pdgfr - α ). pdgfr - α is found in large amounts on some cancer cells where it stimulates the cells to grow and divide . when olaratumab attaches to pdgfr - α it may prevent cancer cell growth and survival . lartruvo is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called doxorubicin for the treatment of adults with advanced soft tissue sarcoma who have not been previously treated with doxorubicin . soft tissue sarcoma is a cancer that starts in the soft tissues , such as the muscles , fat , cartilage and blood vessels .
prasugrel mylan , which contains the active substance prasugrel , belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet agents . platelets are very small cell particles that circulate in the blood . when a blood vessel is damaged , for example if it is cut , platelets clump together to help form a blood clot ( thrombus ). therefore , platelets are essential to help stop bleeding . if clots form within a hardened blood vessel such as an artery they can be very dangerous as they can cut off the blood supply , causing a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ), stroke or death . clots in arteries supplying blood to the heart may also reduce the blood supply , causing unstable angina ( a severe chest pain ). prasugrel mylan inhibits the clumping of platelets and so reduces the chance of a blood clot forming . you have been prescribed prasugrel mylan because you have already had a heart attack or unstable angina and you have been treated with a procedure to open blocked arteries in the heart . you may also have had one or more stents placed to keep open a blocked or narrowed artery supplying blood to the heart . prasugrel mylan reduces the chances of you having a further heart attack or stroke or of dying from one of these atherothrombotic events . your doctor will also give you acetylsalicylic acid ( e . g . aspirin ), another antiplatelet agent .
the active ingredient of zimulti is rimonabant . it works by blocking specific receptors in the brain and fat tissues called cb1 receptors . zimulti is indicated in the treatment of obese or overweight patients with additional risk factors such as diabetes or high levels of fatty substances in the blood called lipids ( dyslipidaemia ; mainly cholesterol and triglycerides ) as adjunct to diet and exercise .
vpriv is a long - term enzyme replacement therapy ( ert ) for patients with type 1 gaucher disease . gaucher disease is a genetic disorder caused by a missing or defective enzyme named glucocerebrosidase . when this enzyme is missing or does not work properly , a substance called glucocerebroside builds up inside cells in the body . the build - up of this material causes the signs and symptoms found in gaucher disease . vpriv contains a substance called velaglucerase alfa which is designed to replace the missing or defective enzyme , glucocerebrosidase , in patients with gaucher disease .
what edistride is edistride contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . they work by lowering the amount of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . edistride is used in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ). what edistride is used for edistride is used for the types of diabetes called : type 1 diabetes where your body hardly produces any insulin . edistride should only be used in type 1 diabetes patients who are overweight or obese . type 2 diabetes where your body does not make enough insulin or is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . in both types of diabetes , this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . edistride works by removing excess sugar from your body via your urine . if you have type 2 diabetes , it can also help prevent heart disease . edistride and other diabetes medicines type 1 diabetes : edistride is used if your type 1 diabetes cannot be controlled with insulin alone . edistride is used together with insulin . type 2 diabetes : edistride is used if your type 2 diabetes cannot be controlled with diet and exercise . your doctor may ask you to take edistride : - on its own if you cannot tolerate metformin . - together with other medicines to treat diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
vepacel is a vaccine for use in individuals aged 6 months and older . it is intended to be given before the next influenza ( flu ) pandemic to prevent flu caused by the h5n1 type of the virus . pandemic flu is a type of influenza that occurs every few decades and which spreads rapidly around the world . the symptoms of pandemic flu are similar to those of an ordinary flu but are usually more severe . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vepacel may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
ariclaim contains the active substance duloxetine . ariclaim increases the levels of serotonin and noradrenaline in the nervous system . ariclaim is used in adults to treat a condition called diabetic neuropathic pain ( often described as burning , stabbing , stinging , shooting or aching or like an electric shock . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or sensations such as touch , heat , cold or pressure may cause pain ). in people with diabetic neuropathic pain it can take some weeks before you feel better . talk to your doctor if you do not feel better after 2 months .
zynrelef contains the medicines bupivacaine and meloxicam . bupivacaine belongs to a group of medicines called local anaesthetics . meloxicam belongs to a group of medicines called non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ). zynrelef will be applied during surgery by your doctor . zynrelef is used in adults to reduce pain from small - to medium - sized surgical wounds after surgery .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). matever is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
entecavir mylan tablets are anti - viral medicines , used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . entecavir mylan can be used in people whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ) and in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). entecavir mylan tablets are also used to treat chronic ( long term ) hbv infection in children and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 18 years . entecavir mylan can be used in children whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . entecavir mylan reduces the amount of virus in your body , and improves the condition of the liver .
the active ingredient of orfadin is nitisinone . this medicine is used for treatment of a rare disease called hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 in adults , adolescents and children ( in any age range ). in this disease your body is unable to completely break down the amino acid tyrosine ( amino acids are building blocks of our proteins ), forming harmful substances . these substances are accumulated in your body . orfadin blocks the breakdown of tyrosine and the harmful substances are not formed . you must follow a special diet while you are taking this medicine , because tyrosine will remain in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam ratiopharm is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
pantozol control contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the ' pump ' that produces stomach acid . hence it reduces the amount of acid in your stomach . pantozol control is used for the short - term treatment of reflux symptoms ( for example heartburn , acid regurgitation ) in adults . reflux is the backflow of acid from the stomach into the gullet (" foodpipe "), which may become inflamed and painful . this may cause you symptoms such as a painful burning sensation in the chest rising up to the throat ( heartburn ) and a sour taste in the mouth ( acid regurgitation ). you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with pantozol control , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may be necessary to take the tablets for 2 - 3 consecutive days to relieve the symptoms . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 2 weeks .
odefsey is an antiviral medicine used to treat infection by the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ). it is a single tablet that contains a combination of three active substances : emtricitabine , rilpivirine and tenofovir alafenamide . each of these active substances works by interfering with an enzyme called ' reverse transcriptase ', which is essential for the hiv - 1 virus to multiply . odefsey reduces the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . odefsey is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
what grastofil is grastofil contains the active substance filgrastim . grastofil is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . grastofil works by stimulating the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight infection . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight infection . what grastofil is used for your doctor has prescribed grastofil , which is used to treat neutropenia ( nu - tro - peen - ee - ah ), a condition where the body makes too few neutrophils . neutropenia may be a long - standing condition where your body does not make enough neutrophils , or it may be caused by drugs used to treat cancer . in some cases , your body may make enough neutrophils , but as a part of your treatment for cancer , your doctor may want to increase the number of certain blood cells ( cd34 cells ) and collect them . the cells are collected using a process called apheresis ( ay - fer - ree - sis ). these collected cells are given back to you after you receive very high doses of treatment for cancer to make your blood counts get back to normal more quickly . your doctor will tell you why you are being treated with grastofil . grastofil can be used : to increase the number of white blood cells after treatment with chemotherapy to help prevent infections ; to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent infections ; to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent infections ; in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of infections ; before high - dose chemotherapy to make the bone marrow produce more stem cells which can be collected and given back to you after your treatment . these can be taken from you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bone marrow and produce blood cells .
repaglinide teva is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinide which helps your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . repaglinide teva is used to control type 2 diabetes in adults as an add - on to diet and exercise : treatment is usually started if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not been able to control ( or lower ) your blood sugar . repaglinide teva can also be given with metformin , another medicine for diabetes . repaglinide has been shown to lower the blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes .
entecavir accord tablets are anti - viral medicines , used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . entecavir accord can be used in people whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ) and in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). entecavir accord tablets are also used to treat chronic ( long term ) hbv infection in children and adolescents aged 2 years to less than 18 years . entecavir accord can be used in children whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . entecavir accord reduces the amount of virus in your body , and improves the condition of the liver .
twynsta tablets contain two active substances called telmisartan and amlodipine . both of these substances help to control your high blood pressure : telmisartan belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which causes blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing blood pressure . telmisartan works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . amlodipine belongs to a group of substances called " calcium channel blockers ". amlodipine stops calcium from moving into the blood vessel wall which stops the blood vessels from tightening . this means that both of these active substances work together to help stop your blood vessels tightening . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . twynsta is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough with amlodipine alone . in adult patients who already receive telmisartan and amlodipine from separate tablets and who wish to take instead the same doses in one tablet for convenience . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which puts patients at risk of serious events such as heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
caprelsa is a treatment for adults and children aged 5 years and above with : medullary thyroid cancer that cannot be removed by surgery or has spread to other parts of the body . caprelsa works by slowing down the growth of new blood vessels in tumours ( cancers ). this cuts off the supply of food and oxygen to the tumour . caprelsa may also act directly on cancer cells to kill them or slow down their growth .
repaglinide krka is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinide which helps your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . repaglinide krka is used to control type 2 diabetes in adults as an add - on to diet and exercise : treatment is usually started if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not been able to control ( or lower ) your blood sugar . repaglinide krka can also be given with metformin , another medicine for diabetes . repaglinide krka has been shown to lower the blood sugar , which helps to prevent complications from your diabetes .
benefix is an injectable clotting ( coagulation ) factor ix product that is produced by recombinant dna technology . the active ingredient in benefix is nonacog alfa . people who are born with haemophilia b ( christmas disease ) lack sufficient factor ix to control bleeding . benefix works by replacing factor ix in haemophilia b patients to enable their blood to clot . benefix is used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia b ( congenital factor ix deficiency ) in all age groups .
xeloda belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . xeloda contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). xeloda is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , xeloda is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . xeloda may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
what isturisa is isturisa is a medicine that contains the active substance osilodrostat . what isturisa is used for isturisa is used in adults to treat endogenous cushing ' s syndrome , a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called cortisol . too much cortisol may lead to a variety of symptoms such as weight gain ( particularly around the waist ), a moon - shaped face , bruising easily , irregular periods , excessive body and facial hair , and generally feeling weak , tired or unwell . how isturisa works isturisa blocks the main enzyme that makes cortisol in the adrenal glands . the effect of this is to decrease the over - production of cortisol and improve the symptoms of endogenous cushing ' s syndrome .
mysimba contains 2 active substances : naltrexone hydrochloride and bupropion hydrochloride and is used in obese or overweight adults to manage weight together with a reduced calorie diet and physical exercise . this medicine works on areas on the brain involved in the control of food intake and energy expenditure . obesity in adults over 18 years of age is defined as a body mass index of greater than or equal to 30 and overweight in adults over 18 years of age is defined as a body mass index greater than or equal to 27 and less than 30 . the body mass index is calculated as the measured body weight ( kg ) divided by the measured height squared ( m2 ). mysimba is approved for use in patients with an initial body mass index of 30 or greater ; it can also be given to those with a body mass index between 27 and 30 if they have additional weight - related conditions such as controlled high blood pressure ( hypertension ), type 2 diabetes or high levels of lipid ( fat ) in the blood . mysimba may be discontinued by your doctor after 16 weeks if you have not lost at least 5 percent of your initial body weight . your doctor may also recommend stopping treatment if there are concerns about increased blood pressure , or other concerns with the safety or tolerability of this medicine .
bavencio contains the active substance avelumab , a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein ) that attaches to a specific target in the body called pd - l1 . pd - l1 is found on the surface of certain tumour cells , and helps protect them from the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). bavencio binds to pd - l1 , and blocks this protective effect , allowing the immune system to attack the tumour cells . bavencio is used in adults to treat : merkel cell carcinoma ( mcc ), a rare type of skin cancer , when it is metastatic ( has spread to other parts of the body ). renal cell carcinoma ( rcc ), a type of kidney cancer , when it is advanced ( has spread beyond the kidney or to other parts of the body ). for renal cell cancer , bavencio is to be used in combination with axitinib . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the medicine containing axitinib . if you have any questions about axitinib , ask your doctor .
what oxlumo is oxlumo contains the active substance lumasiran . what oxlumo is used for oxlumo is used to treat primary hyperoxaluria type 1 ( ph1 ) in adults and children of all ages . what ph1 is ph1 is a rare illness in which the liver produces too much of a substance called oxalate . your kidneys remove oxalate from the body and it is passed out in the urine . in people with ph1 , the extra oxalate can build up in the kidneys and cause kidney stones , and can stop the kidney from working as well as they should . a build - up of oxalate can also damage other parts of the body such as eyes , heart , skin , and bone . this is called oxalosis . how oxlumo works lumasiran , the active substance in oxlumo , reduces the amount of an enzyme called glycolate oxidase that the liver makes . glycolate oxidase is one of the enzymes involved in producing oxalate . by lowering the amount of the enzyme , the liver produces less oxalate and the levels of oxalate in the urine and blood also fall . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
what constella is used for constella contains the active substance linaclotide . it is used to treat the symptoms of moderate to severe irritable bowel syndrome ( often just called " ibs ") with constipation in adult patients . ibs is a common gut disorder . the main symptoms of ibs with constipation include : stomach or abdominal pain , feeling bloated , infrequent , hard , small or pellet - like stools ( faeces ). these symptoms may vary from person to person . how constella works constella acts locally in your gut , helping you to feel less pain and less bloated , and to restore the normal functioning of your bowels . it is not absorbed into the body , but attaches to receptor called guanylate cyclase c on the surface of your gut . by attaching to this receptor , it blocks the sensation of pain and allows liquid to enter from the body into the gut , thereby loosening the stools and increasing your bowel movements .
the active substance in zoledronic acid accord is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
livogiva contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to make the bones stronger , and to reduce the risk of fractures by stimulating bone formation . livogiva is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also common in patients receiving corticosteroids .
uptravi is a medicine that contains the active substance selexipag . it acts on blood vessels in a similar way to the natural substance prostacyclin , making them relax and widen . uptravi is used for the long - term treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ) in adult patients insufficiently controlled with other types of medicines for pah known as endothelin receptor antagonists and phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . uptravi can be used on its own if the patient is not a candidate for these medicines . pah is high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ). in people with pah , these arteries narrow , so the heart has to work harder to pump blood through them . this may cause people to feel tired , dizzy , short of breath , or experience other symptoms . by mimicking the action of prostacyclin , uptravi widens the pulmonary arteries and reduces their hardening . this makes it easier for the heart to pump blood through the pulmonary arteries . it relieves the symptoms of pah and improves the course of the disease .
tarceva contains the active substance erlotinib . tarceva is a medicine used to treat cancer by preventing the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is known to be involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . tarceva is indicated for adults . this medicine can be prescribed to you if you have non - small cell lung cancer at an advanced stage . it can be prescribed as initial therapy or as therapy if your disease remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy , provided your cancer cells have specific egfr mutations . it can also be prescribed if previous chemotherapy has not helped to stop your disease . this medicine can also be prescribed to you in combination with another treatment called gemcitabine if you have cancer of the pancreas at a metastatic stage .
what ratiograstim is ratiograstim is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belong to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . ratiograstim works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . what ratiograstim is used for a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight infection . ratiograstim stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . ratiograstim can be used - to increase the number of white blood cells after treatment with chemotherapy to help prevent infections . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent infections . - before high - dose chemotherapy to make the bone marrow produce more stem cells which can be collected and given back to you after your treatment . these can be taken from you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bone marrow and produce blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent infections . - in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of infections .
zurampic contains the active ingredient lesinurad and is used to treat gout in adult patients by lowering the levels of uric acid in the blood . zurampic must be taken together with allopurinol or febuxostat , which are medicines called ' xanthine oxidase inhibitors ' and are also used to treat gout by lowering the amount of uric acid in your blood . your doctor will prescribe zurampic if your current medicine is not controlling your gout . you must use zurampic together with either allopurinol or febuxostat . how zurampic works : gout is a type of arthritis caused by an accumulation of urate crystals around the joints . by lowering the amount of uric acid in the blood , zurampic stops this accumulation and may prevent further joint damage .
this medicine is for diagnostic use in adults only . this means that it is used in breast cancer , melanoma or oral cavity cancers to help find out about your illness . it is not a treatment for your illness . before it is used , the powder in the vial which contains tilmanocept is mixed with a radioactive medicine called sodium pertechnetate ( containing 99mtc ) to make a substance called technetium ( 99mtc ) tilmanocept . since technetium ( 99mtc ) tilmanocept contains a small amount of radioactivity it can make parts of the body areas visible to doctors during tests to help them see if the cancer has spread to places called ' lymph nodes ' that are found near tumours . the lymph nodes nearest the tumour are called ' sentinel ' lymph nodes . these lymph nodes are where cancer cells are most likely to have spread . when lymphoseek has found the sentinel lymph nodes , they can be removed and checked to see if there are any cancer cells present . lymphoseek finds the lymph nodes and can be detected using a special camera or detector . the use of lymphoseek does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
what is darunavir krka d . d .? darunavir krka d . d . contains the active substance darunavir . darunavir krka d . d . is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . darunavir krka d . d . works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for ? the darunavir krka d . d . and 800 milligram tablets are used to treat adults and children ( 3 years of age and above , at least 40 kilograms body weight ) who are infected by hiv and who have not used antiretroviral medicines before . in certain patients who have used antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ). darunavir krka d . d . must be taken in combination with a low dose of cobicistat or ritonavir and other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
lamivudine teva pharma b . v . is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children . the active ingredient in lamivudine teva pharma b . v . is lamivudine . lamivudine teva pharma b . v . is a type of medicine known as an antiretroviral . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). lamivudine teva pharma b . v . does not completely cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . it also increases the cd4 cell count in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells , that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with lamivudine teva pharma b . v . in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
pravafenix contains two active substances : pravastatin and fenofibrate . both are cholesterol / lipid modifying medicines . pravafenix is used in addition to low fat diet in adults - to lower the level of your ' bad ' cholesterol ( ldl cholesterol ). it does this by lowering the level of total cholesterol , and fatty substances called triglycerides in the blood . - to raise the level of your ' good ' cholesterol ( hdl cholesterol ). what should i know about cholesterol and triglycerides ? cholesterol is one of several fats found in your blood . your total cholesterol is made up mainly of ldl and hdl cholesterol . ldl cholesterol is often called ' bad ' cholesterol because it can build up in the walls of your arteries and form plaque . over time , this plaque build - up can lead to a clogging of your arteries . this clogging can slow or block blood flow to vital organs such as the heart and brain . when the blood flow is blocked , the result can be a heart attack or stroke . hdl cholesterol is often called ' good ' cholesterol because it helps keep the ' bad ' cholesterol from building up in the arteries and because it protects against heart disease . triglycerides are another fat in your blood . they may raise your risk of having heart problems . in most people , there are no signs of cholesterol problems at first . your doctor can measure your cholesterol with a simple blood test . visit your doctor regularly to keep track of your cholesterol level . pravafenix is used if you are an adult with an elevated risk for heart disease and need to improve cholesterol and triglycerides fat levels in your blood when your ' bad ' cholesterol levels are being adequately controlled with pravastatin alone ( a statin , a cholesterol - lowering medicine ).
cervarix is a vaccine intended to protect from the age of 9 years against the diseases caused by infection with human papillomaviruses ( hpv ). these diseases include : - cervical cancer ( cancer of the cervix i . e . lower part of the uterus or womb ) and anal cancer , - precancerous cervical , vulvar , vaginal and anal lesions ( changes in genital or anal cells that have a risk of turning into cancer ). the human papillomavirus ( hpv ) types contained in the vaccine ( hpv types 16 and 18 ) are responsible for approximately 70 % of cervical cancers , 90 % of anal cancers , 70 % of hpv - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and vagina and 78 % of hpv - related pre - cancerous lesions of the anus . other hpv types can also cause ano - genital cancers . cervarix does not protect against all hpv types . when a female or a male individual is vaccinated with cervarix , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make antibodies against hpv types 16 and 18 . cervarix is not infectious and so , it cannot cause hpv related diseases . cervarix is not used to treat hpv related diseases already present at the time of vaccination . cervarix should be used in accordance with official guidelines .
optruma contains the active substance raloxifene hydrochloride . optruma is used to treat and prevent osteoporosis in postmenopausal women . optruma reduces the risk of vertebral fractures in women with postmenopausal osteoporosis . a reduction in the risk of hip fractures has not been shown . how optruma works optruma belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective oestrogen receptor modulators ( serms ). when a woman reaches the menopause , the level of the female sex hormone oestrogen goes down . optruma mimics some of the helpful effects of oestrogen after the menopause . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile - this disease is especially common in women after the menopause . although it may have no symptoms at first , osteoporosis makes you more likely to break bones , especially in your spine , hips and wrists and may cause back pain , loss of height and a curved back .
simulect belongs to a group of medicines called immunosuppressants . it is given in hospital to adults , adolescents and children who are having a kidney transplant . immunosuppressants reduce the body ' s response to anything that it sees as " foreign " which includes transplanted organs . the body ' s immune system thinks a transplanted organ is a foreign body and will try to reject it . simulect works by stopping the immune cells that attack transplanted organs . you will only be given two doses of simulect . these will be given in hospital , around the time of your transplant operation . simulect is given to stop your body from rejecting the new organ during the first 4 to 6 weeks after the transplant operation , when rejection is most likely . you will be given other medicines to help protect your new kidney during this time , such as ciclosporin and corticosteroids and after you leave hospital .
what vyxeos liposomal is vyxeos liposomal belongs to a group of medicines called ' antineoplastics ' used in cancer . it contains two active substances , called ' daunorubicin ' and ' cytarabine ', in the form of tiny particles known as ' liposomes '. these active substances act in different ways to kill cancer cells by stopping them from growing and dividing . packaging them in liposomes prolongs their action in the body and helps them to enter and kill the cancer cells . what vyxeos liposomal is used for vyxeos liposomal is used to treat patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukaemia ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it is given when the leukaemia was caused by previous treatments ( known as therapy related acute myeloid leukaemia ) or when there are certain changes in the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia with " myelodysplasia - related changes ").
sonata belongs to a class of substances called benzodiazepine - related medicinal products , which consists of preparations with hypnotic actions . sonata will help you to sleep . sleeping problems do not usually last long , and most people only need a short course of treatment . the duration of treatment should usually vary from a few days to two weeks . if you still have problems sleeping after you have finished your capsules , contact your doctor again .
what pifeltro is pifeltro is used to treat hiv (' human immunodeficiency virus ') infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiretroviral medicines '. pifeltro contains the active substance doravirine - a non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nnrti ). what pifeltro is used for pifeltro is used to treat hiv infection in people 18 years of age and older . hiv is the virus that causes aids (' acquired immune deficiency syndrome '). you should not take pifeltro if your doctor has told you that the virus causing your infection is resistant to doravirine . pifeltro must be used in combination with other medicines for hiv . how pifeltro works when used with other medicines , pifeltro works by preventing hiv from making more viruses in your body . this will help by : reducing the amount of hiv in your blood ( this is called your ' viral load ') increasing the number of white blood cells called ' cd4 + t '. this can make your immune system stronger . this may reduce your risk of early death or catching infections because your immune system is weak .
genvoya contains four active substances : elvitegravir , an antiretroviral medicine known as an integrase inhibitor cobicistat , a booster ( pharmacokinetic enhancer ) of the effects of elvitegravir emtricitabine , an antiretroviral medicine known as a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ) tenofovir alafenamide , an antiretroviral medicine known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ) genvoya is a single tablet for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children 6 years of age and older , who weigh at least 25 kg . genvoya reduces the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
raptiva is a systemic psoriasis medicine . systemic therapies are medicines taken orally or administered by injection and thus will be present in and affect the whole body . raptiva is a medicine containing efalizumab , made by means of biotechnology . it is produced by genetically engineered mammalian cells . efalizumab is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other specific proteins of the human body . efalizumab reduces inflammation of the psoriatic lesions which results in improvement of the affected areas of the skin . therapeutic indications treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis who have failed to respond to , or who have a contraindication to , or are intolerant to other systemic therapies including ciclosporin , methotrexate and puva . this restriction of the indication of raptiva is based on the present efficacy data and limited long - term experience with raptiva .
refacto af contains the active substance moroctocog alfa , human coagulation factor viii . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleedings . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . refacto af is used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding ( prophylaxis ) in adults and children of all ages ( including newborns ) with haemophilia a .
imatinib teva b . v . is a medicine containing an active substance called imatinib . this medicine works by inhibiting the growth of abnormal cells in the diseases listed below . these include some types of cancer . imatinib teva b . v . is a treatment for : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cml ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . in adult patients , imatinib teva b . v . is intended for use in the most advanced phase of the disease ( blast crisis ). in children and adolescents , imatinib teva b . v . can be used in different phases of the disease ( chronic , accelerated phase and blast crisis ). imatinib teva is also a treatment for adults and children for : - philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ph - positive all ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . imatinib teva b . v . inhibits the growth of these cells . imatinib teva b . v . is also a treatment for adults for : - myelodysplastic / myeloproliferative diseases ( mds / mpd ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . imatinib teva b . v . inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named eosinophils ) start growing out of control . imatinib teva b . v . inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( gist ). gist is a cancer of the stomach and bowels . it arises from uncontrolled cell growth of the supporting tissues of these organs . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( dfsp ). dfsp is a cancer of the tissue beneath the skin in which some cells start growing out of control . imatinib teva b . v . inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how imatinib teva b . v . works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
the active substance of zalviso is sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . zalviso is used to treat acute moderate to severe pain after an operation in adults .
what nimenrix is and what it is used for nimenrix is a vaccine which helps protect against infections caused by bacteria ( germs ) called " neisseria meningitidis " types a , c , w - 135 and y . " neisseria meningitidis " types a , c , w - 135 and y bacteria can cause serious illnesses such as : meningitis - an infection of the tissue that lines the brain and spinal cord . septicaemia - an infection of the blood . these infections are passed easily from person to person and can cause death if not treated . nimenrix may be given to adults , adolescents , children and infants over the age of 6 weeks . how nimenrix works nimenrix helps your body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . these antibodies help protect you against the diseases . nimenrix will only protect against infections caused by the bacteria " neisseria meningitidis " types a , c , w - 135 and y .
sonovue is for diagnostic use only . sonovue is an ultrasound contrast agent that contains tiny bubbles filled with a gas called sulphur hexafluoride . if your are an adult sonovue helps to obtain clearer ultrasound pictures of your heart , your blood vessels and / or tissues of the liver and breast . sonovue helps to obtain clearer pictures of the urinary tract in children .
trumenba is a vaccine to prevent invasive meningococcal disease , caused by neisseria meningitidis serogroup b , for use in people 10 years and older . this is a type of bacteria that can cause serious and sometimes life threatening infections such as meningitis ( inflammation of the covering of the brain and spinal cord ) and sepsis ( blood poisoning ). the vaccine contains 2 important components from the surface of the bacteria . the vaccine works by helping the body to make antibodies ( the body ' s natural defences ) which protect you or your child against this disease .
esbriet contains the active substance pirfenidone and it is used for the treatment of mild to moderate idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis ( ipf ) in adults . ipf is a condition in which the tissues in your lungs become swollen and scarred over time , and as a result makes it difficult to breathe deeply . this makes it hard for your lungs to work properly . esbriet helps to reduce scarring and swelling in the lungs , and helps you breathe better .
what desloratadine teva is desloratadine teva contains desloratadine which is an antihistamine . how desloratadine teva works desloratadine teva is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you drowsy . it helps control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . when desloratadine teva should be used desloratadine teva relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include sneezing , runny or itchy nose , itchy palate , and itchy , red or watery eyes . desloratadine teva is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with urticaria ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and hives . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
parareg works by controlling the levels of parathyroid hormone ( pth ), calcium and phosphorous in your body . it is used to treat problems with organs called parathyroid glands . the parathyroids are four small glands in the neck , near the thyroid gland , that produce parathyroid hormone ( pth ). parareg is used : to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with kidney disease on dialysis . to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with parathyroid cancer to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism who still have high calcium levels after removal of the parathyroid gland or when removal of the gland is not possible . in primary and secondary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is produced by the parathyroids . this can cause the loss of calcium in the bones , which can lead to bone pain and fractures , problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney stones , mental illness and coma .
myalepta contains the active substance metreleptin . metreleptin is similar to a human hormone called leptin . what myalepta is used for myalepta is used to treat the complications of not having enough leptin in patients with lipodystrophy . it is used in adults , adolescents and children 2 years or over : who have generalised lipodystrophy ( the whole of your body does not have enough fatty tissue ) it is used , when other treatments have been ineffective , in adults , and adolescents 12 years or over : who have partial lipodystrophy which is inherited ( also called congenital or familial lipodystrophy ) or partial lipodystrophy has been caused by your body ' s response to something such as a viral illness ( also called acquired lipodystrophy ) how myalepta works natural leptin is produced by fatty tissue and has many functions in the body including : controlling how hungry you feel and your energy levels helping the insulin in your body manage sugar levels . metreleptin works by copying the effects of leptin . this improves the ability of the body to control energy levels .
xeplion contains the active substance paliperidone which belongs to the class of antipsychotic medicines and is used as a maintenance treatment for the symptoms of schizophrenia in adult patients stabilised on paliperidone or risperidone . if you have shown responsiveness to paliperidone or risperidone in the past and have mild to moderate symptoms your doctor may start treatment with xeplion without prior stabilisation with paliperidone or risperidone . schizophrenia is a disease with " positive " and " negative " symptoms . positive means an excess of symptoms that are not normally present . for example , a person with schizophrenia may hear voices or see things that are not there ( called hallucinations ), believe things that are not true ( called delusions ), or feel unusually suspicious of others . negative means a lack of behaviours or feelings that are normally present . for example , a person with schizophrenia may appear withdrawn and may not respond at all emotionally or may have trouble speaking in a clear and logical way . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , or tense . xeplion can help alleviate the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back .
clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
clopidogrel teva generics b . v . belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva generics b . v . is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva generics b . v . to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
pemetrexed accord is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed accord is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed accord is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed accord can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed accord is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
while a baby is inside its mother ' s womb it does not need to use its lungs . an unborn baby has a blood vessel called the ductus arteriosus near the heart which allows the baby ' s blood to bypass the lungs and circulate to the rest of the body . when the baby is born and starts using its lungs the ductus arteriosus normally closes . however , in some cases this does not happen . the medical term for this condition is ' patent ductus arteriosus ', i . e . an open ductus arteriosus . this can cause heart problems in your baby . this condition is much more frequent in premature newborn than in full - term newborn infants . pedea , when given to your baby , can help to close the ductus arteriosus . the active substance in pedea is ibuprofen . pedea closes the ductus arteriosus by inhibiting the production of prostaglandin , a naturally occurring chemical in the body which keeps the ductus arteriosus open .
what lacosamide ucb is lacosamide ucb contains lacosamide . this belongs to a group of medicines called " antiepileptic medicines ". these medicines are used to treat epilepsy . you have been given this medicine to lower the number of fits ( seizures ) you have . what lacosamide ucb is used for lacosamide ucb is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is used : on its own and in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a certain type of epilepsy characterised by the occurrence of partial - onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation . in this type of epilepsy , fits first affect only one side of your brain . however , these may then spread to larger areas on both sides of your brain ; in association with other antiepileptic medicines to treat primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in patients with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
ixiaro is a vaccine against the japanese encephalitis virus . the vaccine causes the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against this disease . ixiaro is used to prevent infection with the japanese encephalitis virus ( jev ). this virus is mainly found in asia and is transmitted to humans by mosquitoes that have bitten an infected animal ( like pigs ). many infected people develop mild symptoms or no symptoms at all . in people who develop severe disease , je usually starts as a flu - like illness , with fever , chills , tiredness , headache , nausea , and vomiting . confusion and agitation also occur in the early stage of disease . ixiaro should be given only to adults , adolescents , children and infants aged 2 months and older travelling to countries , where je is endemic or who are at risk through work .
what exjade is exjade contains an active substance called deferasirox . it is an iron chelator which is a medicine used to remove the excess iron from the body ( also called iron overload ). it traps and removes excess iron which is then excreted mainly in the stools . what exjade is used for repeated blood transfusions may be necessary in patients with various types of anaemia ( for example thalassaemia , sickle cell disease or myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds )). however , repeated blood transfusions can cause a build - up of excess iron . this is because blood contains iron and your body does not have a natural way to remove the excess iron you get with your blood transfusions . in patients with non - transfusion - dependent thalassaemia syndromes , iron overload may also develop over time , mainly due to increased absorption of dietary iron in response to low blood cell counts . over time , the excess iron can damage important organs such as the liver and heart . medicines called iron chelators are used to remove the excess iron and reduce the risk of it causing organ damage . exjade is used to treat chronic iron overload caused by frequent blood transfusions in patients with beta thalassaemia major aged 6 years and older . exjade is also used to treat chronic iron overload when deferoxamine therapy is contraindicated or inadequate in patients with beta thalassaemia major with iron overload caused by infrequent blood transfusions , in patients with other types of anaemias , and in children aged 2 to 5 years . exjade is also used when deferoxamine therapy is contraindicated or inadequate to treat patients aged 10 years or older who have iron overload associated with their thalassaemia syndromes , but who are not transfusion dependent .
xolair contains the active substance omalizumab . omalizumab is a man - made protein that is similar to natural proteins produced by the body . it belongs to a class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . xolair is used for the treatment of : - allergic asthma - chronic rhinosinusitis ( inflammation of the nose and sinuses ) with nasal polyps allergic asthma this medicine is used to prevent asthma from getting worse by controlling symptoms of severe allergic asthma in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who are already receiving asthma medicine , but whose asthma symptoms are not well controlled by medicines such as high - dose steroid inhalers and beta - agonist inhalers . chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps this medicine is used to treat chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps in adults ( 18 years of age and older ) who are already receiving intranasal corticosteroids ( corticosteroid nasal spray ), but whose symptoms are not well controlled by these medicines . nasal polyps are small growths on the lining of the nose . xolair helps to reduce the size of the polyps and improves symptoms including nasal congestion , loss of sense of smell , mucus in the back of the throat and runny nose . xolair works by blocking a substance called immunoglobulin e ( ige ), which is produced by the body . ige contributes to a type of inflammation that plays a key role in causing allergic asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps .
what cometriq is cometriq is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cabozantinib ( s )- malate . it is a medicine used to treat medullary thyroid cancer , a rare type of thyroid cancer , that cannot be removed by surgery or that has spread to other parts of the body . how cometriq works cometriq blocks the action of proteins called receptor tyrosine kinases ( rtks ), which are involved in the growth of cells and the development of new blood vessels that supply them . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action cometriq can slow down the rate at which the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . cometriq may slow or stop the growth of medullary thyroid cancer . it may help shrink tumours associated with this type of cancer .
what xospata is xospata belongs to a class of cancer medicines called protein kinase inihibitors . it contains the active substance gilteritinib . what xospata is used for xospata is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ), a cancer of certain white blood cells . xospata is used if aml is linked to an alteration of a gene called flt3 , and is given to patients whose disease has come back or has not improved after previous treatment . how xospata works in aml , patients develop large numbers of abnormal white blood cells . gilteritinib blocks the action of certain enzymes ( kinases ) needed for the abnormal cells to multiply and grow , thus preventing the growth of the cancer .
votubia is an anti - tumour medicine which can block certain cells in the body from growing . it contains an active substance called everolimus which may reduce the size of kidney tumours called renal angiomyolipomas and brain tumours called subependymal giant cell astrocytomas ( sega ). these tumours are caused by a genetic disorder called tuberous sclerosis complex ( tsc ). votubia tablets are used to treat : tsc with angiomyolipoma of the kidney in adults who do not require immediate surgery . sega associated with tsc in adults and children for whom surgery is not appropriate .
protelos is a medicine used to treat severe osteoporosis : - in postmenopausal women , - in adult men , at high risk of fracture , for whom other alternative treatments are not possible . in postmenopausal women , strontium ranelate reduces the risk of fracture at the spine and at the hip . about osteoporosis your body is constantly breaking down old bone and making new bone tissue . if you have osteoporosis , your body breaks down more bone than it forms so that gradually bone loss occurs and your bones become thinner and fragile . this is especially common in women after the menopause . many people with osteoporosis have no symptoms and you may not even know that you have it . however , osteoporosis makes you more likely to have fractures ( break bones ), especially in your spine , hips and wrists . how protelos works protelos , which contains the substance strontium ranelate , belongs to a group of medicines used to treat bone diseases . protelos works by reducing bone breakdown and stimulating rebuilding of bone and therefore reduces the risk of fracture . the newly formed bone is of normal quality .
nepexto contains the active substance etanercept . nepexto is a medicine that is made from two human proteins . it blocks the activity of another protein in the body that causes inflammation . this medicine works by reducing the inflammation associated with certain diseases . in adults ( aged 18 and over ), nepexto can be used for : moderate or severe rheumatoid arthritis ( long - term autoimmune disorder that primarily affects joints ); psoriatic arthritis ( a type of inflammatory arthritis which can affect any joint in the body ); severe axial spondyloarthritis ( a type of chronic inflammatory arthritis involving the spine and / or sacroiliac joints ) including ankylosing spondylitis ( a type of arthritis that affects the spine ); moderate or severe psoriasis ( raised , red , scaly patches on the skin ). in each case nepexto is used , usually when other widely used treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . for rheumatoid arthritis , this medicine is usually used in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in 56 combination with methotrexate , nepexto can slow down the damage to your joints caused by the rheumatoid arthritis and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . for psoriatic arthritis patients with multiple joint involvement , this medicine can improve your ability to do normal daily activities . for patients with multiple symmetrical painful or swollen joints ( e . g ., hands , wrists and feet ), this medicine can slow down the structural damage to those joints caused by the disease . nepexto is also prescribed for the treatment of the following diseases in children and adolescents . for the following types of juvenile idiopathic arthritis when treatment with methotrexate has not worked well enough or is not suitable for them : polyarthritis ( rheumatoid factor positive or negative ) and extended oligoarthritis in patients from the age of 2 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more psoriatic arthritis in patients from the age of 12 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more for enthesitis - related arthritis in patients from the age of 12 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more when other widely used treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them severe psoriasis in patients from the age of 6 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more who have had an inadequate response to ( or are unable to take ) phototherapies or other systemic therapies .
hexacima ( dtap - ipv - hb - hib ) is a vaccine used to protect against infectious diseases . hexacima helps to protect against diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis , hepatitis b , poliomyelitis and serious diseases caused by haemophilus influenzae type b . hexacima is given to children from six weeks of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria and viruses that cause these different infections : diphtheria is an infectious disease that usually first affects the throat . in the throat , the infection causes pain and swelling which can lead to suffocation . the bacteria that cause the disease also make a toxin ( poison ) that can damage the heart , kidneys and nerves . tetanus ( often called lock jaw ) is usually caused by the tetanus bacteria entering a deep wound . the bacteria make a toxin ( poison ) that causes spasms of the muscles , leading to inability to breathe and the possibility of suffocation . pertussis ( often called whooping cough ) is a highly infectious illness that affects the airways . it causes severe coughing that may lead to problems with breathing . the coughing often has a " whooping " sound . the cough may last for one to two months or longer . whooping cough can also cause ear infections , chest infections ( bronchitis ) which may last a long time , lung infections ( pneumonia ), fits , brain damage and even death . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the liver to become swollen ( inflamed ). in some people , the virus can stay in the body for a long time , and can eventually lead to serious liver problems , including liver cancer . poliomyelitis ( often just called polio ) is caused by viruses that affect the nerves . it can lead to paralysis or muscle weakness most commonly of the legs . paralysis of the muscles that control breathing and swallowing can be fatal . haemophilus influenzae type b infections ( often just called hib ) are serious bacterial infections and can cause meningitis ( inflammation of the outer covering of the brain ), which can lead to brain damage , deafness , epilepsy , or partial blindness . infection can also cause inflammation and swelling of the throat , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing , and infection can affect other parts of the body such as the blood , lungs , skin , bones , and joints . important information about the protection provided hexacima will only help to prevent these diseases if they are caused by the bacteria or viruses targeted by the vaccine . your child could get diseases with similar symptoms if they are caused by other bacteria or viruses . the vaccine does not contain any live bacteria or viruses and it cannot cause any of the infectious diseases against which it protects . this vaccine does not protect against infections caused by other types of haemophilus influenzae nor against meningitis due to other micro - organisms . hexacima will not protect against hepatitis infection caused by other agents such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c and hepatitis e . because symptoms of hepatitis b take a long time to develop , it is possible for unrecognised hepatitis b infection to be present at the time of vaccination . the vaccine may not prevent hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with any vaccine , hexacima may not protect 100 % of children who receive the vaccine .
olazax contains the active substance olanzapine . olazax belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . olazax has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
clopidogrel sandoz contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel sandoz is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel sandoz to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
leflunomide ratiopharm contains the active substance leflunomide which belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . leflunomide ratiopharm is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anemia ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
imlygic is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called melanoma that has spread in the skin or to the lymph nodes , when surgery is not an option . the active ingredient of imlygic is talimogene laherparepvec . this is a weakened form of herpes simplex virus type - 1 ( hsv - 1 ), which is commonly called the cold sore virus . to get imlygic from hsv - 1 , the virus has been changed so that it multiplies more effectively in tumours than in normal cells . this leads to destruction of infected tumour cells . imlygic also works by helping your immune system to recognise and destroy tumours throughout your body .
filgrastim hexal is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . filgrastim hexal works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight infection . filgrastim hexal stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . filgrastim hexal can be used : to increase the number of white blood cells after treatment with chemotherapy to help prevent infections ; to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent infections ; before high - dose chemotherapy to make the bone marrow produce more stem cells which can be collected and given back to you after your treatment . these can be taken from you or from a donor . the stem cells will then go back into the bone marrow and produce blood cells ; to increase the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent infections ; in patients with advanced hiv infection which will help reduce the risk of infections .
zynquista contains the active substance sotagliflozin , a medicine which lowers blood glucose ( blood sugar ) levels . sotagliflozin works by slowing and reducing the absorption of glucose from food , and by increasing the amount of glucose that is passed out in urine . together these actions help to lower the increased amount of glucose in the blood that occurs in patients with diabetes . zynquista is used as an addition to insulin treatment in adults with type 1 diabetes with a body mass index ( bmi ) greater than or equal to 27 . bmi is a measure of your weight in relation to your height . type 1 diabetes is a disease where your body ' s immune system destroys the insulin - producing cells in the pancreas and the body produces little to no insulin , the hormone that normally controls the level of your blood sugar . it is important that you also continue with your diet and exercise plan and insulin treatment as agreed with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tookad is a medicine that contains padeliporfin ( as potassium salt ). it is used to treat adult men who have low - risk , localised prostate cancer in only one lobe , using a technique called vascular - targeted photodynamic ( vtp ) therapy . the treatment is carried out under general anaesthetic ( medicines that send you to sleep to prevent pain and discomfort ). hollow needles are used to insert the fibres into the right place in the prostate . once it has been given , tookad has to be activated by laser light shone along a fibre that targets the light onto the cancer . the activated medicine then causes the death of the cancer cells .
telmisartan teva belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance occurring in the body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . telmisartan teva blocks this effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . telmisartan teva is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart or kidney failure , strokes or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
nevirapine teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiretrovirals , used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . the active substance of your medicine is called nevirapine . nevirapine belongs to a class of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). reverse transcriptase is an enzyme that hiv needs in order to multiply . nevirapine stops reverse transcriptase from working . by stopping reverse transcriptase from working , nevirapine teva helps control hiv - 1 infection . nevirapine teva is indicated for the treatment of hiv - 1 infected adults , adolescents , and children of any age . you must take nevirapine teva together with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will recommend the best medicines for you . if nevirapine teva has been prescribed for your child , please note that all information in this leaflet is addressed to your child ( in this case please read " your child " instead of " you ").
what kevzara is kevzara contains the active substance sarilumab . it is a type of protein called a monoclonal antibody . what kevzara is used for kevzara is used to treat adults with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis if previous therapy did not work well enough or was not tolerated . kevzara can be used alone or together with a medicine called methotrexate . it may help you by : slowing down damage to joints improving your ability to perform daily activities . how kevzara works kevzara attaches to another protein called interleukin - 6 ( il - 6 ) receptor and blocks its action . il - 6 plays a major role in the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis such as pain , swollen joints , morning stiffness , and fatigue .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). keppra is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age ; myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy ; primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
xeljanz is a medicine that contains the active substance tofacitinib . xeljanz is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ulcerative colitis rheumatoid arthritis xeljanz is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , a long - term disease that mainly causes pain and swelling of your joints . xeljanz is used together with methotrexate when previous rheumatoid arthritis treatment was not sufficient or was not well tolerated . xeljanz can also be taken on its own in those cases where methotrexate treatment is not tolerated or treatment with methotrexate is not advised . xeljanz has been shown to reduce pain and swelling of the joints and improve the ability to perform daily activities , when given on its own or together with methotrexate . psoriatic arthritis xeljanz is used to treat a condition called psoriatic arthritis . this condition is an inflammatory disease of the joints , often accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will be first given 94 classified as public by the european medicines agency another medicine to treat your psoriatic arthritis . if you do not respond well enough or the medicine is not tolerated , you may be given xeljanz to reduce the sign and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis and improve the ability to perform daily activities . xeljanz is used together with methotrexate to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the large bowel . xeljanz is used to reduce the signs and symptoms of ulcerative colitis when you did not respond well enough or were intolerant to previous ulcerative colitis treatment .
provenge is used to control your prostate cancer . it consists of immune cells ( part of your body ' s natural defense system ) taken from your own blood ( also called autologous immune cells ). these immune cells are then mixed with an antigen ( a protein , which is able to stimulate your immune system ) at a specific manufacturing facility . when given as a drip ( infusion ) into your vein , provenge works by teaching your immune cells to recognise and attack prostate cancer cells . provenge is used as treatment for prostate cancer that has spread outside of the prostate but not to the liver , lung or brain , and no longer responds to medicines that lower the levels of the male hormone testosterone in patients who are not considered appropriate for treatment with chemotherapy .
lysodren is an antitumoral medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of symptoms of advanced non operable , metastatic or recurrent malignant tumours of the adrenal glands .
removab contains the active substance catumaxomab , a monoclonal antibody . it recognises a protein on the surface of cancer cells and recruits immune cells to destroy them . removab is used to treat malignant ascites , when standard treatment is not available or no longer feasible . malignant ascites is an accumulation of fluid in the abdominal space ( peritoneal cavity ) resulting from certain types of cancer .
rotateq is an oral vaccine that helps protect infants and young children against gastroenteritis ( diarrhoea and vomiting ) caused by rotavirus infection and may be given to infants from the age of 6 weeks to 32 weeks ( see section 3 ). the vaccine contains five types of live rotavirus strains . when an infant is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make antibodies against the most commonly occurring types of rotavirus . these antibodies help protect against gastroenteritis caused by these types of rotavirus .
pioglitazone accord contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . pioglitazone accord helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether pioglitazone accord is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . pioglitazone accord may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , sulfonylurea or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
kineret contains the active substance anakinra . this is a type of cytokine ( an immunosuppressive agent ) that is used to treat : - rheumatoid arthritis ( ra ) - periodic fever syndromes : - cryopyrin - associated periodic syndromes ( caps ) o neonatal - onset multisystem inflammatory disease ( nomid ), also called chronic infantile neurological , cutaneous , articular syndrome ( cinca ), o muckle - wells syndrome ( mws ), o familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome ( fcas ) - familial mediterranean fever ( fmf ) - still ´ s disease including systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis ( sjia ) and adult - onset still ' s disease ( aosd ) cytokines are proteins made by your body that co - ordinate communication between cells and help control cell activity . in ra , caps , fmf and in still ' s disease , your body produces too much of a cytokine called interleukin - 1 . this results in harmful effects leading to inflammation , causing the symptoms of the disease . normally , your body produces a protein that blocks the harmful effects of interleukin - 1 . the active substance of kineret is anakinra , this works in the same way as your natural interleukin - 1 blocking protein . anakinra is produced by dna technology using the micro - organism e . coli . for ra , kineret is used to treat the signs and symptoms of the disease in adults ( age 18 years and over ) in combination with another medicine called methotrexate . kineret is for patients whose response to methotrexate on its own is not good enough to control the rheumatoid arthritis . for caps , kineret is used to treat the signs and symptoms of inflammation associated with the disease such as rash , joint pain , fever , headache and fatigue in adults and children ( age 8 months and older ). for fmf , kineret is used to treat the signs and symptoms of inflammation associated with the disease such as recurrent fever , fatigue , abdominal pain , muscle or joint pain and rash . kineret can be used together with colchicine , if appropriate . for still ´ s disease , kineret is used to treat the signs and symptoms of inflammation associated with the disease such as rash , joint pain and fever .
samsca , which contains the active substance tolvaptan , belongs to a group of medicines called vasopressin antagonists . vasopressin is a hormone that helps prevent the loss of water from the body by reducing urine output . antagonist means that it prevents vasopressin having its effect on water retention . this leads to a reduction in the amount of water in the body by increasing urine production and as a result it increases the level or concentration of sodium in your blood . samsca is used to treat low serum sodium levels in adults . you have been prescribed this medicine because you have a lowered sodium level in your blood as a result of a disease called " syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion " ( siadh ) where the kidneys retain too much water . this disease causes an inappropriate production of the hormone vasopressin which has caused the sodium levels in your blood to get too low ( hyponatremia ). that can lead to difficulties in concentration and memory , or in keeping your balance .
iressa contains the active substance gefitinib which blocks a protein called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ' ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . iressa is used to treat adults with non - small cell lung cancer . this cancer is a disease in which malignant ( cancer ) cells form in the tissues of the lung .
potactasol contains the active substance topotecan which helps to kill tumour cells . potactasol is used to treat : - ovarian cancer or small cell lung cancer that has come back after chemotherapy - advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy is not possible . in this case potactasol treatment is combined with medicines containing cisplatin .
pioglitazone actavis contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . pioglitazone actavis helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether pioglitazone actavis is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . pioglitazone actavis may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , sulphonylurea or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
riarify is a medicine to help breathing that contains the three active substances : beclometasone dipropionate , formoterol fumarate dihydrate and glycopyrronium . beclometasone dipropionate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids which act to reduce the swelling and irritation in your lungs . formoterol and glycopyrronium are medicines called long - acting bronchodilators . they act in different ways to relax the muscles in your airways , helping to open the airways wider and allowing you to breathe more easily . regular treatment with these three active substances helps to relieve and prevent symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing and cough in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). riarify can reduce exacerbations ( flare - ups ) of copd symptoms . copd is a serious long - term disease in which the airways become blocked and air sacs inside the lungs become damaged , leading to difficulty breathing .
what starlix is the active substance of starlix , nateglinide , belongs to a group of medicines called oral antidiabetics . starlix is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it helps to control the level of sugar in the blood . your doctor will prescribe starlix together with metformin , if inadequately controlled despite a maximally tolerated dose of metformin . how starlix works insulin is a substance produced in the body by the pancreas . it helps to decrease blood sugar levels , especially after meals . if you have type 2 diabetes , your body may not start producing insulin quickly enough after meals . starlix works by stimulating the pancreas to produce insulin more quickly , which helps to keep blood sugar levels under control after meals . starlix tablets start to act within a very short time after they are swallowed and are eliminated from the body rapidly .
norvir contains the active substance ritonavir . norvir is a protease inhibitor used to control hiv infection . norvir is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( antiretrovirals ) to control your hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you the best combination of medicines for you norvir is used by children 2 years of age or older , adolescents and adults who are infected with hiv , the virus which causes aids .
qutavina contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to make the bones stronger , and to reduce the risk of fractures by stimulating bone formation . qutavina is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also common in patients receiving corticosteroids .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel teva pharma . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel teva pharma has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) and prostate cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel teva pharma could be administered alone . - for the treatment of lung cancer , docetaxel teva pharma could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , docetaxel teva pharma is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone .
verkazia contains the active ingredient , ciclosporin . ciclosporin reduces the activity of the body ' s immune ( defence ) system and in this way it reduces inflammation ( body response to harmful stimuli ). verkazia is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 to 18 years with severe vernal keratoconjunctivitis ( an allergic condition of the eye that occurs more frequently in spring and affects the transparent layer in the front part of the eye and the thin membrane covering the front part of the eye ).
datscan contains the active substance ioflupane ( 123i ) which is used to help identify ( diagnose ) conditions in the brain . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which contain a small amount of radioactivity . when a radiopharmaceutical is injected , it collects in a specific organ or area of the body for a short time . because it contains a small amount of radioactivity it can be detected from outside the body using special cameras . a picture , known as a scan , can be taken . this scan will show exactly where the radioactivity is inside the organ and the body . this can give the doctor valuable information about how that organ is working . when datscan is injected into an adult , it is carried around the body in the blood . it collects in a small area of your brain . changes in this area of the brain occur in : parkinsonism ( including parkinson ' s disease ) and dementia with lewy bodies . a scan will give your doctor information about any changes in this area of your brain . your doctor may feel that the scan would help in finding out more about your condition and deciding on possible treatment . when datscan is used , you are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this exposure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radiation . this medicine is used for diagnostic use only . it is used only to identify illness .
what hepsera is hepsera belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what it is used for hepsera is used to treat chronic hepatitis b , an infection with hepatitis b virus ( hbv ), in adults . infection with the hepatitis b virus leads to damage to the liver . hepsera reduces the amount of the virus in your body , and has been shown to reduce liver damage .
endolucinbeta is not a medicine and it is not intended to be used on its own . it has to be used in combination with other medicines ( carrier medicines ). endolucinbeta is a type of product called a radiopharmaceutical precursor . it contains the active substance lutetium ( 177lu ) chloride which gives off beta - radiation , allowing a localised radiation effect . this radiation is used to treat certain diseases . endolucinbeta has to be combined with a carrier medicine in a process called radiolabelling before administration . the carrier medicine then takes the endolucinbeta to the disease site in the body . these carrier medicines have been specially developed for use with lutetium ( 177lu ) chloride and may be substances that have been designed to recognise a particular type of cell in the body . the use of a medicine radiolabelled with endolucinbeta does involve exposure to radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with endolucinbeta .
pixuvri belongs to a pharmacotherapeutic group of medicines known as ' antineoplastic agents '. these are used to treat cancer . pixuvri is used for the treatment of adult patients with multiply relapsed or refractory aggressive non - hodgkin lymphomas . pixuvri kills cancer cells by binding to dna , resulting in cell death . it is used for patients whose cancer does not respond or has returned after they have received other chemotherapy treatments .
competact contains pioglitazone and metformin . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when treatment with metformin alone is not sufficient . this type 2 diabetes usually develops in adulthood particularly as a result of the person being overweight and where the body either does not produce enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or cannot effectively use the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether competact is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it . competact helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces .
zalmoxis consists of white blood cells called t cells that are obtained from the donor . these cells will be genetically modified by introducing a " suicide " gene ( hsv - tk mut2 ) in their genetic code which can be activated later on in case of graft - versus - host disease . this will ensure that the cells can be eliminated before they can cause damage to the patient ' s cells . zalmoxis is intended for use in adults with certain tumours of the blood known as high - risk haemotological malignancies . it is given after haploidentical bone marrow transplantation ( haematopoietic cell transplantation ). haploidentical means that the cells have been obtained from a donor whose tissues partially match the patient ' s tissue . zalmoxis is given to prevent a complication of transplantations that are not fully matched known as ' graft - versus - host disease ' whereby the cells of the donor attack the patient ' s own cells .
qtrilmet contains the active substances metformin , saxagliptin , and dapagliflozin . each belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". this medicine is taken by mouth to treat diabetes and each of the active substances works in a different way to treat the condition . this medicine is for a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes ". if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . the three medicines in qtrilmet lower the amount of sugar in the blood by causing it to be taken up into cells or passed out of the body in the urine . qtrilmet is only given to adults aged 18 years and older . it is used if other oral diabetes medicines , along with diet and exercise , cannot control your diabetes well enough . it is taken on its own , or it can be combined with a different type of diabetes medicine called a sulphonylurea .
what pandemrix is and what it is used for pandemrix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 2009 virus . your doctor will normally recommend a different vaccine ( annual trivalent / quadrivalent influenza vaccine ) instead of pandemrix , but if the trivalent / quadrivalent vaccines are not available pandemrix may still be an option if you need protection against a ( h1n1 ) v influenza ( see take special care with pandemrix ). how pandemrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
eptifibatide accord is an inhibitor of platelet aggregation . this means that it helps to prevent blood clots from forming . it is used in adults with manifestation of severe coronary insufficiency defined as spontaneous and recent chest pain with electrocardiographic abnormalities or biological changes . it is usually given with aspirin and unfractionated heparin .
nuceiva contains the active substance botulinum toxin type a . it prevents muscles from contracting , leading to a temporary paralysis . it works by blocking the nerve impulses to the muscles in which it has been injected . nuceiva is used for the temporary improvement in the appearance of vertical lines between the eyebrows . it is used in adults less than 65 years of age in whom those facial lines have an important psychological impact .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for therapy only . zevalin is a kit for the preparation of the active substance ibritumomab tiuxetan [ 90y ], a monoclonal antibody labelled with the radioactive substance yttrium - 90 ( 90y ). zevalin attaches to a protein ( cd20 ) on the surface of certain white blood cells ( b - cells ) and kills them by irradiation . zevalin is used to treat patients suffering from specific subgroups of b - cell non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( cd20 + indolent or transformed b - cell nhl ) if an earlier rituximab , another monoclonal antibody , treatment has not worked , or has stopped working ( refractory or relapsed disease ). zevalin is also used in previously untreated patients with follicular lymphoma . it is used as a consolidation therapy to improve the reduction in the number of lymphoma cells ( remission ) achieved with the initial chemotherapy regimen . the use of zevalin does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
pegasys contains the active substance peginterferon alfa - 2a , which is a long - acting interferon . interferon is a protein that modifies the response of the body ' s immune system to help fight infections and severe diseases . pegasys is used to treat chronic hepatitis b or chronic hepatitis c in adults . it is also used to treat chronic hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged 3 years and older and chronic hepatitis c in children and adolescents aged 5 years and older , who have not been treated before . both chronic hepatitis b and c are viral infections of the liver . chronic hepatitis b : pegasys is usually used alone . chronic hepatitis c : pegasys is used in combination with other medicines , for the treatment of chronic hepatitis c ( chc ). refer also to the package leaflets of any other medicines that are used in combination with pegasys .
tandemact contains pioglitazone and glimepiride which are anti - diabetic medicines , used to control blood sugar level . it is used in adults when metformin is not suitable to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus . this type 2 diabetes usually develops in adulthood where the body either does not produce enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or cannot effectively use the insulin it produces . tandemact helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by increasing the amount of insulin available and helping your body make better use of it . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 3 to 6 months after you start taking it .
rixubis contains the active substance nonacog gamma and is a coagulation factor ix product . factor ix is a normal constituent of human blood necessary for effective blood clotting . rixubis is used in patients with haemophilia b ( christmas disease , an inherited bleeding disorder caused by lack of factor ix ). it works by replacing the missing factor ix to enable the patient ' s blood to clot . rixubis is used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia b of all age groups .
blenrep contains the active substance belantamab mafodotin , a monoclonal antibody connected to an anticancer substance that can kill multiple myeloma cells . the monoclonal antibody is a protein designed to find the multiple myeloma cancer cells in your body and bind to them . once attached to the cancer cells , the anticancer substance is released and kills the cancer cells . blenrep is used to treat adults who have cancer of the bone marrow called multiple myeloma .
what synjardy is synjardy contains two active substances empagliflozin and metformin . each belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth to treat type 2 diabetes . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a disease that comes from both your genes and your lifestyle . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the level of glucose in your blood , and your body is unable to use its own insulin effectively . this results in high levels of glucose in your blood which can lead to medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and poor circulation in your limbs . how synjardy works empagliflozin belongs to a group of medicines called sodium glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . it works by blocking the sglt2 protein in your kidneys . this causes blood sugar ( glucose ) to be removed in your urine . metformin works in a different way to lower blood sugar levels , mainly by blocking glucose production in the liver . thereby synjardy lowers the amount of sugar in your blood . this medicine can also help prevent heart disease . what synjardy is used for synjardy is added to diet and exercise to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) whose diabetes cannot be controlled by adding metformin alone or metformin with other medicines for diabetes . synjardy can also be combined with other medicines for the treatment of diabetes . these may be medicines taken by mouth or given by injection such as insulin . in addition , synjardy can be used as an alternative to taking both empagliflozin and metformin as single tablets . to avoid overdose , do not continue taking empagliflozin and metformin tablets separately , if you are taking this medicine . it is important that you continue with your diet and exercise plan as told by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
elmiron is a medicine that contains the active substance pentosan polysulfate sodium . after taking the medicine , it passes into the urine and attaches to the lining of the bladder , helping to form a protective layer . elmiron is used in adults to treat bladder pain syndrome characterised by many tiny bleeds or distinctive lesions on the bladder wall and moderate to severe pain and a frequent urge to urinate .
lutathera is a radiopharmaceutical medicine used for the treatment of certain tumours ( gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumours ), which cannot be completely removed from your body by surgery , have spread in your body ( metastatic ) and does not respond more to your current treatment . the tumour needs to have somatostatin receptors on the surface of its cells in order for the medicine to be effective . lutathera binds with these receptors and emits radioactivity directly into the tumour cells , causing their death . the use of lutathera does involve exposure to amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . in addition to administration of lutathera , an infusion with amino acids will be given to you in order to protect your kidneys as well as medicines ( antiemetics ) to avoid nausea and vomiting that may be caused by amino acid infusion .
what fasenra is fasenra is a medicine containing the active substance benralizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . the target of benralizumab is a protein called interleukin - 5 receptor , which is found particularly on a type of white blood cell called an eosinophil . what fasenra is used for fasenra is used to treat severe eosinophilic asthma in adults . eosinophilic asthma is a type of asthma where patients have too many eosinophils in the blood or lungs . fasenra is used together with other medicines to treat asthma ( high doses of ' corticosteroid inhalers ' plus other asthma medicines ) when the disease is not well controlled by those other medicines alone . how fasenra works eosinophils are white blood cells involved in asthma inflammation . by attaching to the eosinophils , fasenra helps to reduce their numbers . what are the benefits of using fasenra fasenra may reduce the number of asthma attacks you are experiencing , help you breathe better and decrease your asthma symptoms . if you are taking medicines called ' oral corticosteroids ', using fasenra may also allow you to reduce the daily dose or stop the oral corticosteroids you need to control your asthma .
eliquis contains the active substance apixaban and belongs to a group of medicines called anticoagulants . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming by blocking factor xa , which is an important component of blood clotting . eliquis is used in adults : - to prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis [ dvt ]) from forming after hip or knee replacement operations . after an operation to the hip or knee you may be at a higher risk of developing blood clots in your leg veins . this can cause the legs to swell , with or without pain . if a blood clot travels from your leg to your lungs , it can block blood flow causing breathlessness , with or without chest pain . this condition ( pulmonary embolism ) can be life - threatening and requires immediate medical attention . - to prevent a blood clot from forming in the heart in patients with an irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) and at least one additional risk factor . blood clots may break off and travel to the brain and lead to a stroke or to other organs and prevent normal blood flow to that organ ( also known as a systemic embolism ). a stroke can be life - threatening and requires immediate medical attention . - to treat blood clots in the veins of your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your legs and / or lungs .
methylthioninium chloride cosmo contains methylthioninium chloride ( also known as methylene blue ). this medicine is a blue dye . this medicineis used in adults to temporarily stain the colon ( large bowel ) before colonoscopy , in which a flexible instrument is inserted into the rectum to view inside the bowel . the staining allows the doctor to see the lining of the colon more clearly and improves the detection of abnormalities .
nonafact can be administered to prevent and treat bleeding in patients suffering from haemophilia b ( a congenital lack of active factor ix ). factor ix is a normal constituent of human blood . a deficiency of factor ix causes blood coagulation problems , which may lead to bleeding in joints , muscles or internal organs . the administration of nonafact can compensate for this deficiency .
what flebogamma dif is flebogamma dif contains human normal immunoglobulin , highly purified protein extracted from human plasma ( part of the blood of donors ). this medicine belongs to the group of medicines called intravenous immunoglobulins . these are used to treat conditions where the body ' s defence system against disease is not working properly . what flebogamma dif is used for treatment of adults , children and adolescents ( 2 - 18 years ) who do not have sufficient antibodies ( flebogamma dif is used as replacement therapy ). there are two groups : patients with primary immunodeficiency syndromes ( pid ), an inborn lack of antibodies ( group 1 ) patients with secondary immunodeficiency syndromes ( sid ) with severe or recurrent infections , ineffective antimicrobial treatment and either proven specific antibody failure ( psaf )* or serum igg level of < 4 g / l ( group 2 ) * psaf = failure to mount at least a 2 - fold rise in igg antibody titre to pneumococcal polysaccharide and polypeptide antigen vaccines . treatment of adults , children and adolescents ( 2 - 18 years ) with certain autoimmune disorders ( immunomodulation ). there are five groups : primary immune thrombocytopenia ( itp ), a condition where the number of platelets in the blood stream is greatly reduced . platelets form an important part of the clotting process and a reduction in their numbers may cause unwanted bleeding and bruising . the product is also used in patients at high risk of bleeding or prior to surgery to correct the platelet count . - 51 - guillain barré syndrome , where the immune system damages the nerves and hinders them from working properly . kawasaki disease ( in this case in conjunction with acetylsalicylic acid therapy ), an illness in children where the blood vessels ( arteries ) in the body become enlarged . chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ( cidp ), a rare and progressive disease causing limb weakness , numbness , pain and fatigue . multifocal motor neuropathy ( mmn ), a rare disease causing slow progressive asymmetric limb weakness without sensory loss .
optison is an ultrasound contrast agent that helps to obtain clearer pictures ( scan ) of the heart during an echocardiography ( a procedure where an image of the heart is obtained by using ultrasound ). optison improves the visualization of the inner cardiac walls in patients where the walls are difficult to see . optison contains microspheres ( tiny gas bubbles ) that after injection travel through the veins to the heart and fill the left heart chambers , allowing the doctor to visualise and asses the function of the heart . this medicine is for diagnostic use only .
dafiro tablets contain two substances called amlodipine and valsartan . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . amlodipine belongs to a group of substances called " calcium channel blockers ". amlodipine stops calcium from moving into the blood vessel wall which stops the blood vessels from tightening . valsartan belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is produced by the body and makes the blood vessels tighten , thus increasing the blood pressure . valsartan works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this means that both of these substances help to stop the blood vessels tightening . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . dafiro is used to treat high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough with either amlodipine or valsartan on its own .
intelence contains the active substance etravirine . intelence belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). intelence is a medicine used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . intelence works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . intelence is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children 2 years of age and older who are infected by hiv and who have used other anti - hiv medicines before . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
ucedane can help eliminating excessive ammonia plasma levels ( elevated ammonia level in the blood ). ammonia is especially toxic for the brain and leads , in severe cases , to reduced levels of consciousness and to coma . hyperammonaemia may be due to the lack of a specific liver enzyme n - acetylglutamate synthase . patients with this rare disorder are not able to eliminate nitrogen waste , which builds up after eating protein . this disorder persists during the entire life of the affected patient and therefore the need for this treatment is lifelong .
airexar spiromax contains two medicines , salmeterol and fluticasone propionate : salmeterol is a long - acting bronchodilator . bronchodilators help the airways in the lungs to stay open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out . the effects last for at least 12 hours . fluticasone propionate is a corticosteroid which reduces swelling and irritation in the lungs . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for the treatment of either severe asthma , to help prevent attacks of breathlessness and wheeziness , or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ), to reduce the number of flare ups of symptoms . you must use airexar spiromax every day as directed by your doctor . this will make sure that it works properly in controlling your asthma or copd . airexar spiromax helps to stop breathlessness and wheeziness coming on . however , airexar spiromax should not be used to relieve an attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if this happens you need to use a fast - acting ' reliever ' (' rescue ') inhaler , such as salbutamol . you should always have your fast - acting ' rescue ' inhaler with you . airexar spiromax should only be used to treat severe asthma in adults aged 18 years and older and adults with copd .
evicel is a human fibrin sealant which is supplied as a package containing two separate vials , each containing 1 ml , 2 ml or 5 ml of solution ( human fibrinogen and human thrombin respectively ). an application device and appropriate accessory tips are supplied separately . fibrinogen is a concentrate of clottable protein and thrombin is an enzyme that causes clottable protein to coalesce . thus , when the two components are mixed together they clot instantly . evicel is applied in adults during surgical operations to reduce bleeding and oozing during and after the operation . evicel can be used in blood vessel surgery and in surgery taking place on the posterior abdominal wall . evicel can also be used to support the watertight closure of the cerebral envelopes ( dura mater ) during neurosurgery when other surgical techniques are insufficient . it is dripped or sprayed onto cut tissue where it forms a thin layer that seals the tissue and / or stops bleeding .
altargo ointment contains an antibiotic called retapamulin , which is used on the skin . altargo is used to treat bacterial infections affecting small areas of skin . infections that may be treated include impetigo ( which causes crusting scabs on infected areas ), cuts , grazes and stitched wounds . altargo is for adults and children aged nine months and older .
anagrelide mylan contains the active substance , anagrelide . anagrelide is a medicine which interferes with the development of platelets . it reduces the number of platelets produced by the bone marrow , which results in a decrease in the platelet count in the blood towards a more normal level . for this reason , it is used to treat patients with essential thrombocythaemia . essential thrombocythaemia is a condition which occurs when the bone marrow produces too many of the blood cells known as platelets . large numbers of platelets in the blood can cause serious problems with blood circulation and clotting .
helicobacter test infai is for diagnostic use only . it is a breath test for adolescents from the age of 12 and adults to determine the presence of bacterium helicobacter pylori in the stomach . why do you need to take the helicobacter test infai ? you may have a gastric infection caused by a bacterium called helicobacter pylori . your doctor has recommended that you have a helicobacter test infai for one of the following reasons :  your doctor wants to confirm whether you are suffering from helicobacter pylori infection to help diagnose your condition .  you have already been determined as being infected with helicobacter pylori and have been taking medication aimed to clear up the infection . your doctor now wishes to find out if the treatment has been successful . how does the test work ? all foods contain a substance called carbon - 13 ( 13c ). this carbon - 13 can be detected in the carbon dioxide you breathe out of your lungs . the actual amount of carbon - 13 in the breath will depend on the kind of food that you have eaten . you will be asked to drink the " test meal ". following the meal , samples of your breath will be taken . see " special instructions for use ". these samples will be analysed to measure the " normal " amount of carbon - 13 content in the carbon dioxide in your breath . you will then be asked to drink a solution of carbon - 13 - urea . further samples of your breath will then be taken 30 minutes later and the amount of carbon - 13 in the samples measured as before . the results will be compared and a significant increase in the amount of carbon - 13 in the second set of samples will suggest to your doctor that helicobacter pylori is present .
ristempa contains the active substance pegfilgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . ristempa is used to reduce the duration of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you ristempa to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
what is darunavir krka ? darunavir krka contains the active substance darunavir . darunavir krka is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . darunavir krka works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for ? the darunavir krka 400 and 800 milligram tablets are used to treat adults and children ( 3 years of age and above , at least 40 kilograms body weight ) who are infected by hiv and who have not used antiretroviral medicines before . in certain patients who have used antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ). darunavir krka must be taken in combination with a low dose of ritonavir and other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
what xerava is xerava is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance eravacycline . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called ' tetracyclines ' which work by stopping the growth of certain infectious bacteria . what xerava is used for xerava is used to treat adults with a complicated infection in the abdomen .
what dupixent is dupixent contains the active substance dupilumab . dupilumab is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of specialised protein ) that blocks the action of proteins called il - 4 and il - 13 . both play a major role in causing the signs and symptoms of atopic dermatitis , asthma , and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis ( crswnp ). what dupixent is used for dupixent is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years and older with moderate - to - severe atopic dermatitis , also known as atopic eczema . dupixent is also used to treat children 6 to 11 years old with severe atopic dermatitis . dupixent may be used with eczema medicines that you apply to the skin or it may be used on its own . dupixent is also used with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of severe asthma in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines . dupixent is also used with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of crswnp in adults whose disease is not controlled with their current crswnp medicines . dupixent can also reduce the need for surgery and the need for systemic corticosteroid use . how dupixent works using dupixent for atopic dermatitis ( atopic eczema ) can improve the condition of your skin and reduce itching . dupixent has also been shown to improve symptoms of pain , anxiety , and depression associated with atopic dermatitis . in addition , dupixent helps improve your sleep disturbance and overall quality of life . dupixent helps prevent severe asthma attacks ( exacerbations ) and can improve your breathing . dupixent may also help reduce the amount of another group of medicines you need to control your asthma , called oral corticosteroids , while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing .
procysbi contains the active substance cysteamine ( also known as mercaptamine ) and is taken for the treatment of nephropathic cystinosis in children and adults . cystinosis is a disease affecting how the body functions , with an abnormal accumulation of the amino acid cystine in various organs of the body such as the kidney , eye , muscle , pancreas , and brain . cystine build - up causes kidney damage and excretion of excess amounts of glucose , proteins , and electrolytes . different organs are affected at different ages . procysbi is a medicine that reacts with cystine to decrease its level within the cells . cysteamine therapy should be initiated promptly after confirmation of the diagnosis of cystinosis to achieve maximum benefit .
rebetol contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . rebetol must not be used alone . depending on the genotype of the hepatitis c virus that you have , your doctor may choose to treat you with a combination of this medicine with other medicines . there may be some further treatment limitations if you have or have not been previously treated for chronic hepatitis c infection . your doctor will recommend the best course of therapy . the combination of rebetol and other medicines is used to treat adult patients who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). rebetol may be used in paediatric patients ( children 3 years of age and older and adolescents ) who are not previously treated and without severe liver disease . for paediatric patients ( children and adolescents ) weighing less than 47 kg a solution formulation is available . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
irbesartan teva belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . irbesartan teva prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . irbesartan teva slows the decrease of kidney function in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes . irbesartan teva is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the kidney in patients with high blood pressure , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
mylotarg contains the active substance gemtuzumab ozogamicin , an anticancer medicine , which is made up of a monoclonal antibody linked to a substance intended to kill cancer cells . this substance is delivered to cancer cells by the monoclonal antibody . a monoclonal antibody is a protein which recognises certain cancer cells . mylotarg is used to treat a certain type of cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in which the bone marrow makes abnormal white blood cells . mylotarg is intended for the treatment of aml for patients age 15 years and above who have not tried other treatments . mylotarg is not for use in patients with a type of cancer called acute promyelocytic leukaemia ( apl ).
senshio contains the active substance ospemifene . ospemifene belongs to a group of medicines that do not contain hormones called selective estrogen receptor modulators ( serms ). senshio is used to treat women with moderate to severe post - menopausal symptoms in and outside the vagina , such as itching , dryness , burning and pain during sex ( dyspareunia ) if local oestrogen therapy is not suitable . this is known as vulvar and vaginal atrophy . it is caused by a lowering in the levels of the female hormone oestrogen in your body . when this happens , the vaginal walls can become thinner . this happens naturally after menopause ( post - menopause ). senshio works in a similar way to some of the helpful effects of oestrogen , helping to improve these symptoms and the underlying causes of vulvar and vaginal atrophy .
ogivri contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ogivri binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ogivri for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , with high levels of a protein called her2 . you have metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour ) with high levels of her2 . ogivri may be prescribed in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or docetaxel as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with patients with high levels of her2 and hormone receptor - positive metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female sex hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - fluorouracil and cisplatin .
what bretaris genuair is the active ingredient of bretaris genuair is aclidinium bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax airways and help keep bronchioles open . bretaris genuair is a dry powder inhaler that uses your breath to deliver the medicine directly into your lungs . this makes it easier for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) patients to breathe . what bretaris genuair is used for bretaris genuair is indicated to help open the airways and relieve symptoms of copd , a serious , long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties . regular use of bretaris genuair can help you when you have ongoing shortness of breath related to your disease to help you minimise the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
what prepandrix is and what it is used for prepandrix is a vaccine for use in adults from 18 years old . it is intended to be given before or during the next influenza ( flu ) pandemic to prevent flu caused by the h5n1 type of the virus . pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how prepandrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , prepandrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
jivi contains the active substance damoctocog alfa pegol . it is produced by recombinant technology without addition of any human - or animal - derived components in the manufacturing process . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clot it . the protein in damoctocog alfa pegol has been modified ( pegylated ) to prolong its action in the body . jivi is used to treat and prevent bleeding in previously treated adults and adolescents aged from 12 years with haemophilia a ( hereditary factor viii deficiency ). it is not for use in children younger than 12 years of age .
nutropinaq contains somatropin which is a recombinant growth hormone similar to the human ' s natural growth hormone made by your body . it is recombinant , meaning it is made outside of the body by a special process . growth hormone ( gh ) is a chemical messenger made by a small gland in your brain called the pituitary . in children it tells the body to grow , help the bones to develop normally and , in later adult life , gh helps to maintain a normal body shape and metabolism . in children , nutropinaq is used : when your body does not make enough growth hormone and for this reason you are not growing properly . when you have turner syndrome . turner syndrome is a genetic abnormality in girls ( absence of female sexual chromosome ( s )) that prevents growth . when your kidneys are damaged and they lose their ability to function normally with an impact on growth . in adults nutropinaq is used for : if your body does not make enough growth hormone as an adult . this can start during adult life or continue from when you were a child . benefits if using this medicine in children , it helps the body to grow and the bones to develop normally . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism for example lipid profile and glucose levels .
chondrocelect consists of autologous cultured cartilage cells . the product is made from a small sample of cartilage cells ( a biopsy ) taken from your knee . autologous means that your own cells are used to make chondrocelect . cartilage is a tissue that is present in every joint . it protects the ends of our bones and allows our joints to function smoothly . chondrocelect is used to repair single symptomatic cartilage defects in the femoral condyle of the knee in adults . a defect can be caused by acute trauma , such as a fall . it can also be caused by repetitive trauma , as a result of overweight or due to incorrect weight - bearing on the knee as a result of a knee deformity . the femoral condyle is the end of the thigh bone , which forms part of your knee .
clopidogrel teva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel teva and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva and acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
relvar ellipta contains two active substances : fluticasone furoate and vilanterol . two different strengths of relvar ellipta are available : fluticasone furoate 92 micrograms / vilanterol 22 micrograms and fluticasone furoate 184 micrograms / vilanterol 22 micrograms . the 92 / 22 micrograms strength is used for the regular treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults , and asthma in adults and adolescents 12 years and over . the 184 / 22 micrograms strength is used to treat asthma in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . the 184 / 22 micrograms strength is not approved for the treatment of copd . relvar ellipta should be used every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd and asthma . it should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . fluticasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids , often simply called steroids . corticosteroids reduce inflammation . they reduce the swelling and irritation in the small air passages in the lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . corticosteroids also help to prevent attacks of asthma and aggravation of copd . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called long acting bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the small air passages in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages to remain open . when you take these two active substances together regularly , they will help to control your breathing difficulties more than either medicine alone . asthma is a serious , long term lung disease where the muscles surrounding the smaller airways become tight ( bronchoconstriction ) and swollen and irritated ( inflammation ). symptoms come and go and include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . relvar ellipta has been shown to reduce flare - ups and symptoms of asthma . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a serious , long term lung disease where the airways become inflamed and thickened . symptoms include shortness of breath , cough , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . relvar ellipta has been shown to reduce flare - ups of copd symptoms .
paxene belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . these agents are used to treat cancer . paxene concentrate for solution for infusion is used to treat : advanced aids - related kaposi ' s sarcoma when certain other treatments ( liposomal anthracyclines ) have been tried but have not worked . this is a tumour that arises from blood vessels in the skin or internal organs and typically appears as flat or raised , purple to dark brown patches on the skin . advanced breast cancer when certain other treatments ( standard anthracycline - containing therapy ) have been tried but have not worked or when the patient is unsuitable for these treatments . advanced ovarian cancer or remaining tumour (> 1 cm ) after initial surgery , in combination with cisplatin as first - line treatment . advanced ovarian cancer when certain other treatments ( platinum - containing combination therapy without taxanes ) have been tried but have not worked ( as second - line treatment ). advanced non - small cell lung cancer if potentially curative surgery and / or radiation therapy are not possible , in combination with cisplatin . there is limited information to support treatment of this condition .
what erivedge is erivedge is an anti - cancer medicine and contains the active substance vismodegib . what erivedge is used for erivedge is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called advanced basal cell carcinoma . it is used when the cancer : has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " basal cell carcinoma ) has spread to areas nearby ( called " locally advanced " basal cell carcinoma ) and your doctor decides that treatment with surgery or radiation is inappropriate . how erivedge works basal cell carcinoma develops when dna in normal skin cells becomes damaged and the body cannot repair the damage . this damage can change how certain proteins in these cells work and the damaged cells become cancerous and begin to grow and divide . erivedge is an anti - cancer medicine that works by controlling one of the key proteins involved in basal cell carcinoma . this may slow down or stop the growth of the cancer cells , or may kill them . as a result , your skin cancer may shrink .
tolura belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . tolura blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . tolura is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . tolura is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
what pazenir is pazenir contains , as its active substance , paclitaxel attached to the human protein albumin , in the form of tiny particles known as nanoparticles . paclitaxel belongs to a group of medicines called " taxanes " used in cancer . paclitaxel is the part of the medicine that affects the cancer , it works by stopping cancer cells from dividing this means that they die . albumin is the part of the medicine that helps paclitaxel dissolve in the blood and get across the walls of the blood vessels into the tumour . this means that other chemicals that can cause side effects that can be life threatening are not needed . such side effects occur far less with pazenir . what pazenir is used for pazenir is used to treat the following types of cancer : breast cancer breast cancer which has spread to other parts of the body ( this is called " metastatic " breast cancer ). pazenir is used in metastatic breast cancer when at least one other therapy has been tried but has not worked and you are unsuitable for treatments containing a group of medicines called " anthracyclines ". people with metastatic breast cancer who received paclitaxel attached to the human protein albumin where another therapy had failed , were more likely to experience a reduction in tumour size , and lived longer than people who took an alternative therapy . pancreatic cancer pazenir is used together with a medicine called gemcitabine if you have metastatic cancer of the pancreas . people with metastatic pancreatic cancer ( pancreatic cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ) who received paclitaxel attached to the human protein albumin with 42 gemcitabine in a clinical trial lived longer than people who had only received gemcitabine . lung cancer pazenir is also used together with a medicine called carboplatin if you have the most common type of lung cancer , called " non - small cell lung cancer ". pazenir is used in non - small cell lung cancer where surgery or radiotherapy would not be suitable to treat the disease .
what dasselta is dasselta contains desloratadine which is an antihistamine . how dasselta works dasselta is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you drowsy . it helps control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . when dasselta should be used dasselta relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include sneezing , runny or itchy nose , itchy palate , and itchy , red or watery eyes . dasselta is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with urticaria ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and hives . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
elzonris contains the active substance tagraxofusp . tagraxofusp , an anti - cancer medicine , is made from two proteins from different sources . one of the proteins can kill cancer cells . this protein is delivered to the cancer cell by the second protein . elzonris is used to treat adult patients with blastic plasmacytoid dendritic cell neoplasm ( bpdcn ). bpdcn is a cancer of a rare type of immature immune cells called ' plasmacytoid dendritic cells '. it can affect many organs including the skin , bone marrow , and lymph nodes .
epoetin alfa hexal contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - po - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by kidney disease : in children on haemodialysis 77 in adults on haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis in severely anaemic adults not yet undergoing dialysis if you have kidney disease , you may be short of red blood cells if your kidney does not produce enough erythropoietin ( necessary for red cell production ). epoetin alfa hexal is prescribed to stimulate your bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the need for a blood transfusion in these patients . epoetin alfa hexal is used in moderately anaemic adults who donate some of their blood before surgery , so that it can be given back to them during or after the operation . because epoetin alfa hexal stimulates the production of red blood cells , doctors can take more blood from these people . epoetin alfa hexal is used in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
kiovig belongs to a class of medications called immunoglobulins . these medicines contain human antibodies , which are also present in your blood . antibodies help your body to fight infections . medicines like kiovig are used in patients who do not have enough antibodies in their blood and tend to get frequent infections . they can also be used in patients who need additional antibodies for the cure of certain inflammatory disorders ( autoimmune diseases ). kiovig is used for treatment of patients who do not have sufficient antibodies ( replacement therapy ). there are two groups : 1 . patients with inborn lack of antibody production ( primary immunodeficiency syndromes ). 2 . patients with secondary immunodeficiencies ( sid ) who suffer from severe or recurrent infections , ineffective antimicrobial treatment and either proven specific antibody failure ( psaf )* or serum igg level of < 4 g / l . * psaf = failure to mount at least a 2 - fold rise in igg antibody titre to pneumococcal polysaccharide and polypeptide antigen vaccines treatment of patients with certain inflammatory disorders ( immunomodulation ). there are five groups : 1 . patients who do not have enough blood platelets ( primary immune thrombocytopenia , itp ), and who are at high risk of bleeding or will have surgery in the near future . 2 . patients with a disease that is associated with multiple inflammations of the nerves in the whole body ( guillain barré syndrome ). 3 . patients with a disease which results in multiple inflammations of several organs of the body ( kawasaki disease ). 4 . patients who suffer from a rare condition characterized by slow progressive asymmetrical weakness of limbs without sensory loss ( multifocal motor neuropathy , mmn ). 5 . patients who suffer from chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ( cidp ).
alofisel is a medicine used for the treatment of complex perianal fistulas in adult patients with crohn ´ s disease ( a disease causing inflammation of the gut ) when the other symptoms of the disease are controlled or have a mild intensity . perianal fistulas are abnormal channels that connect parts of the lower bowel ( rectum and anus ) and the skin near the anus , so that one or more openings appear near the anus . perianal fistulas are described as complex if they have multiple channels and openings , if they penetrate deep inside your body or if they are associated with other complications such as collections of pus ( infected liquid also called abscesses ). perianal fistulas can cause pain , irritation and discharge of pus through the openings to the skin . alofisel is used when the fistulas have not responded sufficiently well to previous treatment . when injected close to the perianal fistulas , alofisel reduces their inflammation , increasing the likelihood of the fistulas healing . alofisel will be used after adequate preparation of the fistula , see section 3 . the active ingredient of alofisel is darvadstrocel which consists of stem cells which are taken from the fat tissue of a healthy adult donor ( so - called allogenic stem cells ) and then grown in a laboratory . adult stem cells are a special type of cells found in many adult tissues , whose primary role is the repair of the tissue in which they are found .
bydureon contains the active substance exenatide . it is an injectable medicine used to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine is used in combination with the following diabetes medicines : metformin , sulphonylureas , thiazolidinediones , sglt2 inhibitors and / or a long - acting insulin . your doctor is now prescribing this medicine as an additional medicine to help control your blood sugar . continue to follow your food and exercise plan . you have diabetes because your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood or your body is not able to use the insulin properly . this medicine helps your body to increase the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high .
vocabria injection contains the active ingredient cabotegravir . cabotegravir belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called integrase inhibitors ( inis ). vocabria injection is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults aged 18 years and over , who are also receiving another antiretroviral medicine called rilpivirine and whose hiv - 1 infection is under control . vocabria injections do not cure hiv infection ; they keep the amount of virus in your body at a low level . this helps maintain the number of cd4 cells in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . vocabria injection is always given in combination with another injection of an anti - retroviral medicine called rilpivirine injection . refer to the rilpivirine package leaflet for information on that medicine .
alprolix contains the active substance eftrenonacog alfa , recombinant coagulation factor ix , fc fusion protein . factor ix is a protein produced naturally in the body necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . alprolix is a medicine used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in all age groups of patients with haemophilia b ( inherited bleeding disorder caused by factor ix deficiency ). alprolix is prepared by recombinant technology without addition of any human - or animal - derived components in the manufacturing process . how alprolix works in patients with haemophilia b , factor ix is missing or not working properly . alprolix is used to replace the missing or deficient factor ix . alprolix increases factor ix level in the blood and temporarily corrects the bleeding tendency . the fc fusion protein in alprolix increases the length of time that the medicine works .
voriconazole hikma contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is an antifungal medicine . it works by killing or stopping the growth of the fungi that cause infections . it is used for the treatment of patients ( adults and children over the age of 2 ) with : invasive aspergillosis ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp .), candidaemia ( another type of fungal infection due to candida sp .) in non - neutropenic patients ( patients without abnormally low white blood cell count ), serious invasive candida sp . infections when the fungus is resistant to fluconazole ( another antifungal medicine ), serious fungal infections caused by scedosporium sp . or fusarium sp . ( two different species of fungi ). voriconazole hikma is intended for patients with worsening , possibly life - threatening , fungal infections . prevention of fungal infections in high risk bone marrow transplant recipients this medicinal product should only be used under the supervision of a doctor .
avastin contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented by blocking the growth of the blood vessels which provide the nutrients and oxygen to the tumour . avastin is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced cancer in the large bowel , i . e ., in the colon or rectum . avastin will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine medicine . avastin is also used for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic breast cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called paclitaxel or capecitabine . avastin is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . avastin will be administered together with a chemotherapy regimen containing platinum . avastin is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when cancer cells have specific mutations of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). avastin will be administered in combination with erlotinib . avastin is also used for treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . when used for patients with kidney cancer , it will be administered with another type of medicine called interferon . avastin is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated 68 with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , avastin will be administered in combination with carboplatin and gemcitabine or with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , avastin will be administered in combination with paclitaxel , or topotecan , or pegylated liposomal doxorubicin . avastin is also used for the treatment of adult patients with persistent , recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer . avastin will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and cisplatin or , alternatively , paclitaxel and topotecan in patients who cannot receive platinum therapy .
alkindi contains a medicine called hydrocortisone . hydrocortisone belongs to a group of medicines known as corticosteroids . hydrocortisone is a synthetic version of the hormone cortisol . cortisol is made naturally by the adrenal glands in the body . alkindi is used when the body is not making enough cortisol , because part of the adrenal gland is not working ( adrenal insufficiency , often caused by an inherited condition called congenital adrenal hyperplasia ).
what rixathon is rixathon contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rixathon is used for rixathon may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe rixathon for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . rixathon can be given alone or with other medicines called " chemotherapy ". in patients where the treatment is working , rixathon may be used as a maintenance treatment for 2 years after completing the initial treatment . b ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . rixathon in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) rheumatoid arthritis rixathon is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . rixathon is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in people who have already tried some other medicines which have either 63 stopped working , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . rixathon is usually taken together with another medicine called methotrexate . rixathon slows down the damage to your joints caused by rheumatoid arthritis and improves your ability to do normal daily activities . the best responses to rixathon are seen in those who have a positive blood test to rheumatoid factor ( rf ) and / or anti - cyclic citrullinated peptide ( anti - ccp ). both tests are commonly positive in rheumatoid arthritis and aid in confirming the diagnosis . d ) granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis rixathon is used for the treatment of granulomatosis with polyangiitis ( formerly called wegener ' s granulomatosis ) or microscopic polyangiitis , taken in combination with corticosteroids . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . e ) pemphigus vulgaris rixathon is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
palynziq contains the active substance pegvaliase , an enzyme that can break down a substance called phenylalanine in the body . palynziq is a treatment for patients aged 16 years and older with phenylketonuria ( pku ), a rare inherited disorder that causes phenylalanine from proteins in food to build up in the body . people who have pku have high levels of phenylalanine and this can lead to serious health problems . palynziq reduces the levels of phenylalanine in the blood of patients who have pku whose blood phenylalanine levels cannot be kept below 600 micromol / l by other means such as by diet .
apixaban accordcontains the active substance apixaban and belongs to a group of medicines called anticoagulants . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming by blocking factor xa , which is an important component of blood clotting . apixaban accord is used in adults : - to prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis [ dvt ]) from forming after hip or knee replacement operations . after an operation to the hip or knee you may be at a higher risk of developing blood clots in your leg veins . this can cause the legs to swell , with or without pain . if a blood clot travels from your leg to your lungs , it can block blood flow causing breathlessness , with or without chest pain . this condition ( pulmonary embolism ) can be life - threatening and requires immediate medical attention . - to prevent a blood clot from forming in the heart in patients with an irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) and at least one additional risk factor . blood clots may break off and travel to the brain and lead to a stroke or travelto other organs and prevent normal blood flow to that organ ( also known as a systemic embolism ). a stroke can be life - threatening and requires immediate medical attention . - to treat blood clots in the veins of your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of your legs and / or lungs .
avaglim tablets are a combination of two different medicines called rosiglitazone and glimepiride . these two medicines are used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . rosiglitazone and glimepiride work together so your body makes better use of the insulin it produces , and this helps reduce your blood sugar to a normal level .
renagel contains sevelamer as the active ingredient . it binds phosphate from food in the digestive tract and so reduces serum phosphate levels in the blood . renagel is used to control the levels of phosphate in the blood of adult kidney failure patients on haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis treatment . adult patients whose kidneys have failed and who are undergoing haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis are not able to control the level of serum phosphate in their blood . the amount of phosphate then rises ( your doctor will call this hyperphosphataemia ). increased levels of serum phosphorus can lead to hard deposits in your body called calcification . these deposits can stiffen your blood vessels and make it harder for blood to be pumped around the body . increased serum phosphorus can also lead to itchy skin , red eyes , bone pain and fractures . renagel may be used with other medicines which include calcium or vitamin d supplements to control the development of renal bone disease .
perjeta contains the active substance pertuzumab and is used to treat adult patients with breast cancer when : the breast cancer has been identified to be of the " her2 - positive " form your doctor will test you for this . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the lungs or liver ( metastasised ) and has not previously been treated with anticancer medicines ( chemotherapy ) or other medicines designed to attach to her2 , or else the cancer has come back in the breast after previous treatment . the cancer has not spread to other parts of the body and treatment is going to be given before surgery takes place ( treatment before surgery is called neoadjuvant therapy ) the cancer has not spread to other parts of the body and treatment is going to be given after surgery ( treatment after surgery is called adjuvant therapy ) as well as perjeta you will also receive trastuzumab and medicines called chemotherapy information about these medicines is described in separate package leaflets . ask your doctor or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . how perjeta works perjeta is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody " which attaches itself to specific targets in your body and on the cancer cells . perjeta recognises and attaches to a target called " human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 " ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when perjeta attaches to the her2 cancer cells , it may slow or stop the cancer cells from growing , or may kill them .
carbaglu can help eliminating excessive ammonia plasma levels ( elevated ammonia level in the blood ). ammonia is especially toxic for the brain and leads , in severe cases , to reduced levels of consciousness and to coma . hyperammonaemia may be due to the lack of a specific liver enzyme n - acetylglutamate synthase . patients with this rare disorder are not able to eliminate nitrogen waste , which builds up after eating protein . this disorder persists during the entire life of the affected patient and therefore the need for this treatment is lifelong . isovaleric acidaemia , methylmalonic acidaemia or propionic acidaemia . patients suffering from one of these disorders need treatment during the hyperammonaemia crisis .
ervebo is a vaccine for adults who are 18 years of age and older . ervebo is given to protect you from getting ebola virus disease caused by the zaire ebola virus , which is a type of ebola virus . this vaccine will not protect you against the other types of ebola virus . because ervebo does not contain the whole ebola virus , it cannot give you ebola virus disease . your healthcare worker may recommend that you receive this vaccine in an emergency involving the spread of ebola virus disease . what is ebola ? ebola is a serious disease caused by a virus . if you get ebola , it can kill you . people catch ebola from people or animals who are infected with ebola or who died from ebola . you can catch ebola from blood and body fluids like urine , stools , saliva , vomit , sweat , breast milk , semen and vaginal fluids of people who are infected with ebola virus . you can also catch ebola from things that have touched the blood or body fluids of a person or animal with ebola ( like clothes or objects in direct contact ). ebola is not spread through the air , water or food . your healthcare worker will talk to you and then together you can decide if you should receive this vaccine .
tenofovir disoproxil zentiva contains the active substance tenofovir disoproxil . this active substance is an antiretroviral or antiviral medicine which is used to treat hiv or hbv infection or both . tenofovir is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as an nrti and works by interfering with the normal working of enzymes ( in hiv reverse transcriptase ; in hepatitis b dna polymerase ) that are essential for the viruses to reproduce themselves . in hiv tenofovir disoproxil zentiva should always be used combined with other medicines to treat hiv infection . tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is a treatment for hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . the tablets are suitable for : adults adolescents aged 12 to less than 18 years who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of resistance , or have caused side effects . tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is also a treatment for chronic hepatitis b , an infection with hbv ( hepatitis b virus ). the tablets are suitable for : adults adolescents aged 12 to less than 18 years . you do not have to have hiv to be treated with tenofovir disoproxil zentiva for hbv . this medicine is not a cure for hiv infection . while taking tenofovir disoproxil zentiva you may still develop infections or other illnesses associated with hiv infection . you can also pass on hiv or hbv to others , so it is important to take precautions to avoid infecting other people .
fexeric contains ferric citrate coordination complex as the active ingredient . in adults with impaired kidney function it is used to lower high blood phosphorus levels . phosphorus is contained in many foods . patients with kidneys that do not work properly are not able to eliminate phosphorus from their body adequately . this can lead to high phosphorus levels in the blood . keeping the phosphorus level normal is important to maintain healthy bones and blood vessels and to prevent itchy skin , red eyes , bone pain or bone fractures . fexeric binds to the phosphorus from food in your digestive tract to prevent it from being absorbed into your blood . the fexeric - bound phosphorus is then excreted from your body in faeces . you may have been advised to follow a special diet to prevent the phosphorus in your blood rising to high levels . if this is the case , you must continue to follow the special diet even if you are taking fexeric .
reyataz is an antiviral ( or antiretroviral ) medicine . it is one of a group called protease inhibitors . these medicines control human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection by stopping a protein that the hiv needs for its multiplication . they work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body and this in turn , strengthens your immune system . in this way reyataz reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . reyataz capsules may be used by adults and children 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed reyataz for you because you are infected by the hiv that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is normally used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines with reyataz is best for you .
yentreve contains the active substance duloxetine . yentreve increases the levels of serotonin and noradrenaline in the nervous system . yentreve is a medicine to be taken by mouth to treat stress urinary incontinence ( sui ) in women . stress urinary incontinence is a medical condition in which patients have accidental loss or leakage of urine during physical exertion or activities such as laughing , coughing , sneezing , lifting , or exercise . yentreve is believed to work by increasing the strength of the muscle that holds back urine when you laugh , sneeze , or perform physical activities . the efficacy of yentreve is reinforced when combined with a training program called pelvic floor muscle training ( pfmt ).
what biopoin is biopoin contains the active substance epoetin theta , which is almost identical to erythropoietin , a natural hormone produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the same way as erythropoietin . erythropoietin is produced in your kidneys and stimulates your bone marrow to produce red blood cells . red blood cells are very important for distributing oxygen within your body . what biopoin is used for biopoin is used for the treatment of anaemia accompanied by symptoms ( for example fatigue , weakness and shortness of breath ). anaemia occurs when your blood does not contain enough red blood cells . treatment for anaemia is given to adult patients with chronic renal failure or to adult patients with non - myeloid cancer ( cancer not originating in the bone marrow ) who at the same time are receiving chemotherapy ( medicines to treat cancer ).
lyxumia contains the active substance lixisenatide . it is an injectable medicine used to help your body to control your blood sugar level when it is too high . it is used in adults with type 2 diabetes . lyxumia is used with other medicines for diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood sugar levels . these may include : oral antidiabetics ( such as metformin , pioglitazone , sulphonylurea medicines ) and / or , a basal insulin , a type of insulin which works all day .
dovprela contains the active substance pretomanid , a type of antibiotic . antibiotics are medicines used to kill bacteria that cause diseases . dovprela is used in combination with two other medicines called linezolid and bedaquiline to treat tuberculosis that affects the lungs , when the disease has become resistant to many other antibiotics : extensively drug resistant tuberculosis or treatment - intolerant or multidrug - resistant tuberculosis it is used in adults 18 years and over .
lixiana contains the active substance edoxaban and belongs to a group of medicines called anticoagulants . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming . it works by blocking the activity of factor xa , which is an important component of blood clotting . lixiana is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the brain ( stroke ) and other blood vessels in the body if you have a form of irregular heart rhythm called nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and at least one additional risk factor , such as heart failure , previous stroke or high blood pressure ; - treat blood clots in the veins of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels in the legs and / or lungs .
tagrisso contains the active substance osimertinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called protein kinase inhibitors which are used to treat cancer . tagrisso is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer .' if a test has shown that your cancer has certain changes ( mutations ) in a gene called ' egfr ' ( epidermal growth factor receptor ) and has spread to your other lung or other organs , your cancer is likely to respond to treatment with tagrisso . tagrisso can be prescribed for you : as the first medicine you receive for your cancer or in certain circumstances if you have been treated for your cancer before with other protein kinase inhibitor medicines . how tagrisso works tagrisso works by blocking egfr and may help to slow or stop your lung cancer from growing . it may also help to reduce the size of the tumour . if tagrisso is the first protein kinase inhibitor medicine you are receiving , it means that your cancer contains defects in the egfr gene , for example ' exon 19 deletions ' or ' exon 21 substitution mutations '. if your cancer has progressed while you were being treated with other protein kinase inhibitor medicines , it means that your cancer contains a gene defect called ' t790m '. because of this defect , other protein kinase medicines may no longer work . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what vaborem is vaborem is an antibiotic medicine that contains two active substances : meropenem and vaborbactam . meropenem belongs to group of antibiotics called " carbapenems ". it can kill many types of bacteria by preventing them from building the protective walls that surround their cells . vaborbactam is a " beta lactamase inhibitor ". it blocks the action of an enzyme that allows some bacteria to resist the action of meropenem . this helps meropenem kill some bacteria that it cannot kill on its own . what vaborem is used for vaborem is used in adults to treat certain serious bacterial infections : of the bladder or kidneys ( urinary tract infections ) of the stomach and gut ( intra - abdominal infections ) of the lungs ( pneumonia ) it is also used to treat infections of the blood associated with any of the infections mentioned above caused by bacteria that other antibiotics may not be able to kill 27
sirturo contains the active substance bedaquiline . sirturo is a type of antibiotic . antibiotics are medicines that kill bacteria that cause disease . sirturo is used to treat tuberculosis that affects the lungs when the disease has become resistant to other antibiotics . this is called multi - drug resistant pulmonary tuberculosis . sirturo must always be taken together with other medicines for treating tuberculosis . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years to less than 18 years of age and weighing at least 30 kg ).
the name of this medicine is docetaxel teva . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel teva has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel teva could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel teva could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of lung cancer , docetaxel teva could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , docetaxel teva is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , docetaxel teva is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , docetaxel teva is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
puregon solution for injection contains follitropin beta , a hormone known as follicle - stimulating hormone ( fsh ). fsh belongs to the group of gonadotrophins , which play an important role in human fertility and reproduction . in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of follicles in the ovaries . follicles are small round sacs that contain the egg cells . in men , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . puregon is used to treat infertility in any of the following situations : women in women who do not ovulate and do not respond to treatment with clomifene citrate , puregon can be used to cause ovulation . in women undergoing assisted reproduction techniques , including in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ) and other methods , puregon can bring about the development of multiple follicles . men in men who are infertile due to lowered hormone levels , puregon can be used for the production of sperm .
what shingrix is used for shingrix is a vaccine that helps to protect adults against shingles ( herpes zoster ) and post - herpetic neuralgia ( phn ), the long - lasting nerve pain that follows shingles . shingrix is given to adults 50 years and above . shingrix cannot be used to prevent chickenpox ( varicella ). what shingles is shingles is a rash with blisters that is often painful . it usually occurs in one part of the body and can last for several weeks . shingles is caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox . after you have had chickenpox , the virus that caused it stays in your body in nerve cells . sometimes , after many years , if your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) becomes weaker ( due to age , an illness or a medicine you are taking ), the virus can cause shingles . complications related to shingles shingles may lead to complications . the most common complication of shingles is : long - lasting nerve pain called post - herpetic neuralgia or phn . after the shingles blisters heal , you may get pain which can last for months or years and may be severe . other complications of shingles are : scars where the blisters have been . skin infections , weakness , muscle paralysis and loss of hearing or vision these are less common . how shingrix works shingrix reminds your body about the virus that causes shingles . this helps your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) stay prepared to fight the virus and protect you against shingles and its complications .
what zykadia is zykadia is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ceritinib . it is used to treat adults with advanced stages of a form of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ). zykadia is only given to patients whose disease is due to a defect in a gene called alk ( anaplastic lymphoma kinase ). how zykadia works in patients with alk defects , an abnormal protein is produced that stimulates the growth of the cancer cells . zykadia blocks the action of this abnormal protein and thus slows down the growth and spread of nsclc . if you have any questions about how zykadia works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
maviret is an antiviral medicine used to treat adults and adolescents ( 12 to less than 18 years old ) with long - term (' chronic ') hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis c virus ). it contains the active substances glecaprevir and pibrentasvir . maviret works by stopping the hepatitis c virus from multiplying and infecting new cells . this allows the infection to be eliminated from the body .
imatinib accord is a medicine containing an active substance called imatinib . this medicine works by inhibiting the growth of abnormal cells in the diseases listed below . these include some types of cancer . imatinib accord is a treatment for adults and children and adolescents for : chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cml ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ph - positive all ). leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . imatinib accord inhibits the growth of these cells . imatinib accord is a treatment for adults for : myelodysplastic / myeloproliferative diseases ( mds / mpd ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . imatinib accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named eosinophils ) start growing out of control . imatinib accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( dfsp ). dfsp is a cancer of the tissue beneath the skin in which some cells start growing out of control . imatinib accord inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how imatinib accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what refixia is refixia contains the active substance nonacog beta pegol and is a long - acting recombinant coagulation factor ix product . factor ix is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to stop bleeding . what refixia is used for refixia is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years and above with haemophilia b ( inborn factor ix deficiency ). in patients with haemophilia b , factor ix is missing or does not work properly . refixia replaces this faulty or missing factor ix and helps blood to form clots at the site of bleeding . when you bleed , refixia is activated in the blood to form factor ix .
pelmeg contains the active substance pegfilgrastim . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . pelmeg is used in adult patients to reduce the duration of neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) and the occurrence of febrile neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a fever ) which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( medicines that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you pelmeg to encourage your bone marrow ( part of the bone which makes blood cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
eylea is a solution which is injected into the eye to treat eye conditions in adults called - neovascular ( wet ) age - related macular degeneration ( wet amd ), - impaired vision due to macular oedema secondary to retinal vein occlusion ( branch rvo ( brvo ) or central rvo ( crvo )), - impaired vision due to diabetic macular oedema ( dme ), - impaired vision due to myopic choroidal neovascularisation ( myopic cnv ). aflibercept , the active substance in eylea , blocks the activity of a group of factors , known as vascular endothelial growth factor a ( vegf - a ) and placental growth factor ( plgf ). in patients with wet amd and myopic cnv , these factors , in excess are involved in the abnormal formation of new blood vessels in the eye . these new blood vessels can cause the leak of blood components into the eye and eventual damage to tissues in the eye responsible for vision . in patients with crvo , a blockage occurs in the main blood vessel that transports blood away from the retina . vegf levels are elevated in response causing the leakage of fluid into the retina and thereby causing a swelling of the macula , ( the portion of the retina responsible for fine vision ), which is called macular oedema . when the macula swells with fluid , central vision becomes blurry . in patients with brvo , one or more branches of the main blood vessel that transports blood away from the retina is blocked . vegf levels are elevated in response causing the leakage of fluid into the retina and thereby causing macular oedema . diabetic macular oedema is a swelling of the retina occurring in patients with diabetes due to leaking of fluid from blood vessels within the macula . the macula is the portion of retina responsible for fine vision . when the macula swells with fluid , central vision becomes blurry . eylea has been shown to stop the growth of new abnormal blood vessels in the eye which often leak fluid or bleed . eylea can help to stabilise , and in many cases , improve the vision loss related to wet amd , crvo , brvo , dme and myopic cnv .
iblias is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . iblias is prepared by recombinant technology without addition of any human - or animal - derived components in the manufacturing process . factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clot it . iblias is used for treatment and prevention of bleeding in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ).
palonosetron accord belongs to a group of medicines known as serotonin ( 5ht3 ) antagonists . these have the ability to block the action of the chemical , serotonin , which can cause nausea and vomiting . palonosetron accord is used for the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age .
bindren contains the active substance colestilan . it is used to lower high blood phosphorus levels in adult patients undergoing dialysis due to poor kidney function . about high blood phosphorus levels ( hyperphosphataemia ) if your kidneys no longer function properly you may undergo dialysis , which replaces many of the functions of your kidneys . you have also been advised to follow a special diet to reduce the amount of phosphorus that your body takes from food . sometimes , the dialysis and diet are not enough to stop the phosphorus in your blood rising to high levels , a condition referred to by your doctor as hyperphosphataemia . keeping the phosphorus level in your blood low is important to maintain healthy bones and blood vessels and to prevent itchy skin , red eyes , bone pain or bone fractures . how bindren works colestilan binds to the phosphorus from food in your digestive tract to prevent it from being absorbed into your blood . the colestilan - bound phosphorus is then excreted from your body in faeces . however , even though you are taking bindren , you must also follow the special diet recommended by your doctor .
telmisartan teva pharma belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance occurring in the body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . telmisartan teva pharma blocks this effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . telmisartan teva pharma is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart or kidney failure , strokes or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva pharma is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
invega contains the active substance paliperidone which belongs to the class of antipsychotic medicines . invega is used to treat schizophrenia in adults and in adolescents aged 15 years and older . schizophrenia is a disorder with symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech , and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , or tense . invega is also used to treat schizoaffective disorder in adults . schizoaffective disorder is a mental condition in which a person experiences a combination of schizophrenia symptoms ( as listed above ) in addition to mood disorder symptoms ( feeling very high , feeling sad , feeling agitated , distracted , sleeplessness , talkativeness , losing interest in everyday activities , sleeping too much or too little , eating too much or too little , and recurrent thoughts of suicide ). invega can help alleviate the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back .
optaflu is a vaccine against flu ( influenza ). due to the kind of manufacturing optaflu is free of chicken / egg protein . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the influenza virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . optaflu is used to prevent flu in adults , especially in those who run an increased risk of experiencing associated complications in case they fall ill with flu . the vaccine targets three strains of influenza virus following the recommendations by the world health organisation for the 2015 / 2016 season .
this medicine contains the active substance radium ra 223 dichloride ( radium - 223 dichloride ). xofigo is used to treat adults with advanced castration - resistant prostate cancer in progression after at least two other cancer treatments apart from treatments to maintain reduced levels of male hormone ( hormone therapy ), or who cannot take any other cancer treatment . castration - resistant prostate cancer is a cancer of the prostate ( a gland of the male reproductive system ) that does not respond to treatment that reduces male hormones . xofigo is only used when the disease has spread to the bone but is not known to have spread to other internal organs , and is causing symptoms ( e . g . pain ). xofigo contains the radioactive substance radium - 223 which mimics the calcium found in bones . when injected into the patient , radium - 223 reaches the bone where the cancer has spread to and emits short - range radiation ( alpha particles ) which kills the surrounding tumour cells .
elocta contains the active substance efmoroctocog alfa , a recombinant coagulation factor viii , fc fusion protein . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the body and is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . elocta is a medicine used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in all age groups of patients with haemophilia a ( inherited bleeding disorder caused by factor viii deficiency ). elocta is prepared by recombinant technology without addition of any human - or animal - derived components in the manufacturing process . how elocta works in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to replace the missing or deficient factor viii . elocta increases factor viii level in the blood and temporarily corrects the bleeding tendency .
this medicine contains two different substances called dapagliflozin and metformin . both belong to a group of medicines called oral anti - diabetics . these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . xigduo is used for a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes " in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) and usually occurs when you are older . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . dapagliflozin works by removing excess sugar from your body via your urine and lowers the amount of sugar in your blood . it can also help prevent heart disease . metformin works mainly by inhibiting glucose production in the liver . to treat diabetes : this medicine is taken in combination with diet and exercise . this medicine is used if your diabetes cannot be controlled with other medicines used to treat diabetes . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine on its own or together with other medicines to treat diabetes . this may be another medicine taken by mouth and / or a medicine given by injection , such as insulin or a glp - 1 receptor agonist ( helps your body to increase the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high ). if you are already taking both dapagliflozin and metformin as single tablets , your doctor may ask you to switch to this medicine . to avoid overdose , do not continue taking dapagliflozin and metformin tablets , if you are taking xigduo . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
alimta is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . alimta is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . alimta is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . alimta can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . alimta is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
neorecormon is a clear , colourless solution for injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) or into a vein ( intravenously ). it contains a hormone called epoetin beta , which stimulates the production of red blood cells . epoetin beta is produced by a specialised genetic technology and works in exactly the same way as the natural hormone erythropoietin . you must talk to your doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . neorecormon is indicated for : treating symptomatic anaemia caused by chronic kidney disease ( renal anaemia ) in patients on dialysis , or not yet on dialysis . preventing anaemia in premature infants ( weighing 750 to 1500 g and born at less than 34 weeks ). treating anaemia with related symptoms in adult cancer patients receiving chemotherapy treating people donating their own blood before surgery . the injections of epoetin beta will increase the amount of blood that can be taken from your body before surgery and given back during or after the operation ( this is an autologous transfusion ).
xagrid contains the active substance , anagrelide . xagrid is a medicine which interferes with the development of platelets . it reduces the number of platelets produced by the bone marrow , which results in a decrease in the platelet count in the blood towards a more normal level . for this reason , it is used to treat patients with essential thrombocythaemia . essential thrombocythaemia is a condition which occurs when the bone marrow produces too many of the blood cells known as platelets . large numbers of platelets in the blood can cause serious problems with blood circulation and clotting .
pramipexole teva contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole teva is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
arzerra contains ofatumumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . arzerra is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the blood which affects a type of white blood cell called lymphocytes . the lymphocytes multiply too quickly and live too long , so there are too many of them circulating in your blood . the disease can also affect other organs in your body . the antibody in arzerra recognises a substance on the surface of lymphocytes and causes the lymphocyte to die .
krystexxa contains the active substance pegloticase . pegloticase belongs to the class anti - gout medicines . pegloticase is used to treat severe long - term gout in adult patients who also have one or more painful deposits of uric acid crystals under the skin that cause difficulty in carrying out daily activities and who do not respond or cannot take other anti - gout medicines . how krystexxa works people with gout have too much uric acid in their body . uric acid deposits as crystals in joints , kidneys , and other organs which may cause profound pain , redness and swelling ( inflammation ). krystexxa contains an enzyme called uricase that transforms the uric acid into a substance called allantoin , which can be removed easily in the urine .
xydalba contains the active substance dalbavancin , which is an antibiotic of the glycopeptide group . xydalba is used to treat adults with infections of the skin or in the layers of flesh below the skin . xydalba works by killing certain bacteria , which can cause serious infections . it kills these bacteria by interfering with the formation of bacterial cell walls . if you also have other bacteria that cause your infection , your doctor may decide to treat you with other antibiotics in addition to xydalba .
refludan is an antithrombotic medicine . antithrombotics are medicines to prevent formation of blood clots ( thrombosis ). refludan is used for anticoagulation in adult patients with heparin - induced thrombocytopenia ( hit ) type ii and thromboembolic disease requiring injected antithrombotic medicines . hit type ii is an illness which can occur after you have received heparin containing medicines . it constitutes a certain kind of allergy towards heparin . it may result in a too low number of blood platelets and / or clots in your blood vessels ( thrombosis ). this may additionally lead to deposition of clots in organs .
what hemlibra is hemlibra contains the active substance " emicizumab ". this belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are a type of protein that recognise and bind to a target in the body . what hemlibra is used for hemlibra is a medicine used for treating patients of all ages with either haemophilia a who have developed factor viii inhibitors or with severe haemophilia a who have not developed factor viii inhibitors ( the fviii blood level is less than 1 %). haemophilia a is an inherited condition caused by a lack of factor viii , an essential substance required for blood to clot and stop any bleeding . the medicine prevents bleeding or reduces bleeding episodes in people with this condition . some patients with haemophilia a can develop factor viii inhibitors ( antibodies against factor viii ) which stop the replacement factor viii from working . how hemlibra works hemlibra restores the function of missing activated factor viii that is needed for effective blood clotting . its structure is different from factor viii , therefore hemlibra is not affected by factor viii inhibitors .
hetlioz contains the active substance tasimelteon . this type of medicine is called a " melatonin agonist " that acts as a regulator of daily body rhythms . it is used to treat non - 24 - hour sleep - wake disorder ( non - 24 ) in adults who are totally blind . how hetlioz works in sighted people , the change in light levels between day and night helps to synchronise internal body rhythms , including feeling sleepy at night and being active during the day . the body controls these rhythms through many pathways including increases and decreases in the production of the hormone melatonin . patients with non - 24 who are totally blind cannot see light , so their body rhythms shift out of alignment with the 24 - hour world , resulting in periods of feeling sleepy during the day and the inability to sleep at night . the active substance in hetlioz , tasimelteon , is able to act as a time - keeper for the body rhythms and resets them each day . it aligns body rhythms with the usual 24 - hour day and night cycle and so improve sleep patterns . because of individual differences in each person ' s body rhythms , it could take weeks or up to 3 months for an improvement in symptoms to be noticed .
suboxone is used to treat dependence on opioid ( narcotic ) drugs such as heroin or morphine in drug addicts who have agreed to be treated for their addiction . suboxone is used in adults and adolescents over 15 years of age , who are also receiving medical , social and psychological support .
the active substance of circadin , melatonin , belongs to a natural group of hormones produced by the body . circadin is used on its own for the short - term treatment of primary insomnia ( persistent difficulty in getting to sleep or staying asleep , or poor quality of sleep ) in patients aged 55 years and older . ' primary ' means that the insomnia does not have any identified cause , including any medical , mental or environmental cause .
conbriza contains the active substance bazedoxifene , and is a medicine that belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective estrogen receptor modulators ( serms ). it is used for the treatment of osteoporosis in women after they have reached menopause , when they are at an increased risk of fractures . it works by slowing or stopping the thinning of bone in these women . this medicine should not be used for the treatment of osteoporosis in men .
oncaspar contains pegaspargase , which is an enzyme ( asparaginase ) that breaks down asparagine , an important building block of proteins without which cells cannot survive . normal cells can make asparagine for themselves , while some cancer cells cannot . oncaspar lowers asparagine level in blood cancer cells and stops the cancer cells growing . oncaspar is used to treat acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( all ) in children from birth to 18 years and in adults . all is a white blood cell cancer type in which certain immature white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control thus preventing the production of functional blood cells . oncaspar is used together with other medicines .
vizimpro contains the active substance dacomitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called protein tyrosine kinase inhibitors which are used to treat cancer . vizimpro is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. if a test has shown that your cancer has certain changes ( mutations ) in a gene called ' egfr ' ( epidermal growth factor receptor ) and has spread to your other lung or other organs , your cancer is likely to respond to treatment with vizimpro . vizimpro can be used as your first treatment once your lung cancer has spread to your other lung or other organs .
caelyx pegylated liposomal is an antitumour agent . caelyx pegylated liposomal is used to treat cancer of the breast in patients at risk for heart problems . caelyx pegylated liposomal is also used to treat cancer of the ovary . it is used to kill cancer cells , shrink the size of the tumour , delay the growth of the tumour , and extend your survival . caelyx pegylated liposomal is also used in combination with another medicine , bortezomib , to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the blood ) in patients who have received at least 1 prior therapy . caelyx pegylated liposomal is also used to produce an improvement in your kaposi ' s sarcoma including flattening , lightening and even shrinkage of the cancer . other symptoms of kaposi ' s sarcoma , such as swelling around the tumour , may also improve or disappear . caelyx pegylated liposomal contains a medicine which is able to interact with cells in such a way as to selectively kill cancer cells . the doxorubicin hydrochloride in caelyx pegylated liposomal is enclosed in tiny spheres called pegylated liposomes which help to deliver the medicinal product from the blood stream to the cancerous tissue rather than healthy normal tissue .
what rasilamlo is rasilamlo contains two active substances , called aliskiren and amlodipine . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure ( hypertension ). aliskiren is a renin inhibitor . it reduces the amount of angiotensin ii the body can make . angiotensin ii causes blood vessels to tighten , which raises blood pressure . lowering the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax ; this lowers blood pressure . amlodipine belongs to a group of medicines known as calcium channel blockers , which help to control high blood pressure . amlodipine causes blood vessels to dilate and relax , thus blood pressure is lowered . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and arteries . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the brain , heart and kidneys , and may result in a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the risk of developing these disorders . what rasilamlo is used for rasilamlo is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is not sufficiently controlled with aliskiren or amlodipine alone .
bortezomib hospira contains the active substance bortezomib , a so - called ' proteasome inhibitor '. proteasomes play an important role in controlling cell function and growth . by interfering with their function , bortezomib can kill cancer cells . bortezomib is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients older than 18 years : - alone or together with the medicines pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or dexamethasone , for patients whose disease is worsening ( progressive ) after receiving at least one prior treatment and for whom blood stem cell transplantation was not successful or is unsuitable . - in combination with the medicines melphalan and prednisone , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and are unsuitable for high - dose chemotherapy with blood stem cell transplantation . in combination with the medicines dexamethasone or dexamethasone together with thalidomide , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and before receiving high - dose chemotherapy with blood stem cell transplantation ( induction treatment ). bortezomib is used for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma ( a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes ) in patients 18 years or older in combination with the medicines rituximab , cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone , for patients whose disease has not been previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation is unsuitable .
the active substance in zoledronic acid medac is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : - to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). - to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
advagraf contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . advagraf is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given advagraf for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ when any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your transplantation . advagraf is used in adults .
zirabev contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented by blocking the growth of the blood vessels which provide the nutrients and oxygen to the tumour . zirabev is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced cancer in the large bowel , i . e ., in the colon or rectum . zirabev will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing a fluoropyrimidine medicine . zirabev is also used for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic breast cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called paclitaxel or capecitabine . zirabev is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . zirabev will be administered together with a chemotherapy regimen containing platinum . zirabev is also used for treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . when used for patients with kidney cancer , it will be administered with another type of medicine called interferon . zirabev is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , zirabev will be administered in combination with carboplatin and gemcitabine or with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back before 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , zirabev will be administered in combination with topotecan or pegylated liposomal doxorubicin . zirabev is also used for the treatment of adult patients with persistent , recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer . zirabev will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and cisplatin or , alternatively , paclitaxel and topotecan in patients who cannot receive platinum therapy .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . striascan contains the active substance ioflupane ( 123i ) which is used to help identify ( diagnose ) conditions in the brain . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which contain a small amount of radioactivity . when a radiopharmaceutical is injected , it collects in a specific organ or area of the body for a short time . because it contains a small amount of radioactivity it can be detected from outside the body using special cameras . a picture , known as a scan , can be taken . this scan will show exactly where the radioactivity is inside the organ and the body . this can give the doctor valuable information about how that organ is working . striascan is used only to identify illness . when this medicine is injected into a patient , it is carried around the body in the blood and collects in a small area of your brain . changes in this area of the brain occur in : parkinsonism ( including parkinson ' s disease ) and dementia with lewy bodies . a scan will give your doctor information about any changes in this area of your brain . your doctor may feel that the scan would help in finding out more about your condition and deciding on possible treatment . when striascan is used , you are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this exposure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radiation .
sutent contains the active substance sunitinib , which is a protein kinase inhibitor . it is used to treat cancer by preventing the activity of a special group of proteins which are known to be involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . sutent is used to treat adults with the following types of cancer : - gastrointestinal stromal tumour ( gist ), a type of cancer of the stomach and bowel , where imatinib ( another anticancer medicine ) no longer works or you cannot take imatinib . - metastatic renal cell carcinoma ( mrcc ), a type of kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . - pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours ( pnet ) ( tumours of the hormone - producing cells in the pancreas ) that have progressed or cannot be removed with surgery . if you have any questions about how sutent works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
what mepsevii is mepsevii contains an enzyme called vestronidase alfa . this belongs to a group of medicines called enzyme replacement therapies . it is used in adults and children of all ages with mps vii to treat non - neurological manifestations of the disease ( mucopolysaccharidosis vii , also known as sly syndrome ). what is mps vii mps vii is an illness that runs in families , where the body does not produce enough of an enzyme called betaglucuronidase . - this enzyme helps to break down sugars in the body called mucopolysaccharides . - mucopolysaccharides are made in the body and they help build bones , cartilage , skin , and tendons . - these sugars are re - cycled all the time new ones are made and old ones are broken down . - without enough betaglucuronidase , parts of these sugars build up in cells , leading to damage in the body . how mepsevii works this medicine replaces beta - glucuronidase this helps to break down the sugars that collect in the tissues of people with mps vii . - treatment may improve various signs and symptoms of illness , like walking difficulties and tiredness . starting treatment early in children may stop the illness getting worse and reduce permanent damage .
emtriva is a treatment for human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults , children and infants aged 4 months and over . emtriva 200 mg hard capsules are only suitable for patients who weigh at least 33 kg . emtriva oral solution is available for people who have difficulty in swallowing emtriva hard capsules . emtriva contains the active substance emtricitabine . this active substance is an antiretroviral medicine which is used to treat hiv infection . emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ) which works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the hiv virus to reproduce itself . emtriva may lower the amount of hiv in the blood ( viral load ). it may also help to increase the number of t cells called cd4 cells . emtriva should always be combined with other medicines to treat hiv infection . you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . this medicine is not a cure for hiv infection . while taking emtriva you may still develop infections or other illnesses associated with hiv infection .
what truxima is truxima contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what truxima is used for truxima may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe truxima for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . truxima can be given alone or with other medicines called " chemotherapy ". in patients where the treatment is working , truxima may be continued for 2 years after completing the initial treatment . b ) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . truxima in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the body by biological processes . c ) rheumatoid arthritis truxima is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . truxima is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in people who have already tried some other medicines which have either stopped working , have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . truxima is usually taken together with another medicine called methotrexate . truxima slows down the damage to your joints caused by rheumatoid arthritis and improves your ability to do normal daily activities . truxima works best in those who have a positive blood test to rheumatoid factor ( rf ) and / or for anti - cyclic citrullinated peptide ( anti - ccp ). both tests are commonly positive in rheumatoid arthritis and aid in confirming the diagnosis . d ) granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis truxima is used for the treatment of granulomatosis with polyangiitis ( formerly called wegener ' s granulomatosis ) or microscopic polyangiitis , taken in combination with corticosteroids . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . e ) pemphigus vulgaris truxima is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
zalasta contains the active substance olanzapine . zalasta belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zalasta has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment .
what dacogen is dacogen is an anti - cancer medicine . it contains the active substance ' decitabine '. what dacogen is used for dacogen is used to treat a type of cancer called ' acute myeloid leukaemia ' or ' aml '. this is a type of cancer that affects your blood cells . you will be given dacogen when you are first diagnosed with aml . it is used in adults . how dacogen works dacogen works by stopping cancer cells from growing . it also kills cancer cells . talk to your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how dacogen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
zavesca contains the active substance miglustat which belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat two conditions : zavesca is used to treat mild to moderate type 1 gaucher disease in adults . in type 1 gaucher disease , a substance called glucosylceramide is not removed from your body . it starts to build up in certain cells of the body ' s immune system . this can result in liver and spleen enlargement , changes in the blood , and bone disease . the usual treatment for type 1 gaucher disease is enzyme replacement therapy . zavesca is only used when a patient is considered unsuitable for treatment with enzyme replacement therapy . zavesca is also used to treat progressive neurological symptoms in niemann - pick type c disease in adults and in children . if you have niemann - pick type c disease , fats such as glycosphingolipids build up in the cells of your brain . this can result in disturbances in neurological functions such as slow eye movements , balance , swallowing , and memory , and in seizures . zavesca works by inhibiting the enzyme called ' glucosylceramide synthase ' which is responsible for the first step in the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids .
prialt contains the active substance ziconotide which belongs to a group of medicines , called analgesics or ' painkillers '. prialt is used for the treatment of severe , long - term pain in adults who need a painkiller by intrathecal injection ( injection into the space that surrounds the spinal cord and the brain ).
what polivy is polivy is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance polatuzumab vedotin . what polivy is used for polivy is given to treat " diffuse large b - cell lymphoma " that has come back or has not got better with at least one previous therapy and when you cannot receive a stem cell transplant . diffuse large b - cell lymphoma is a cancer that develops from b lymphocytes also called b - cells . these are a type of blood cells . how polivy works the active substance in polivy is made up of a monoclonal antibody linked to mmae , a substance that can kill cancer cells . the monoclonal antibody part of the medicine attaches to a target on b cells . once attached to b cells , the medicine releases mmae into the b cells and kills them . what other medicines polivy is given with polivy is given in combination with two other cancer medicines called rituximab and bendamustine .
what ulunar breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and glycopyrronium . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what ulunar breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . if you use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
reagila contains the active substance cariprazine and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adults with schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there ( hallucination ), suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious , tense , or not being able to start or keep up planned activities , unwillingness to speak , lack of emotional response to a situation that would normally stimulate feelings in others .
rapamune contains the active substance sirolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called immunosuppressants . it helps to control your body ' s immune system after you have received a kidney transplant . rapamune is used in adults to prevent your body from rejecting transplanted kidneys and is normally used with other immunosuppressant medicines called corticosteroids and initially ( the first 2 to 3 months ) with ciclosporin . rapamune is also used for the treatment of patients with sporadic lymphangioleiomyomatosis ( s - lam ) with moderate lung disease or declining lung function . s - lam is a rare progressive lung disease that affects predominantly women of childbearing age . the most common symptom of s - lam is shortness of breath .
invirase contains the active substance saquinavir which is an antiviral agent . it is a member of a class of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is for the treatment of infection with the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ). invirase is used by hiv - 1 - infected adults . invirase is prescribed for use in combination with ritonavir ( norvir ) and other antiretroviral medicines .
gardasil is a vaccine . vaccination with gardasil is intended to protect against diseases caused by human papillomavirus ( hpv ) types 6 , 11 , 16 , and 18 . these diseases include pre - cancerous lesions of the female genitals ( cervix , vulva , and vagina ); pre - cancerous lesions of the anus and genital warts in males and females ; cervical and anal cancers . hpv types 16 and 18 are responsible for approximately 70 % of cervical cancer cases , 75 - 80 % of anal cancer cases ; 70 % of hpv - related pre - cancerous lesions of the vulva and vagina ; 75 % of hpv related pre - cancerous lesions of the anus . hpv types 6 and 11 are responsible for approximately 90 % of genital wart cases . gardasil is intended to prevent these diseases . the vaccine is not used to treat hpv related diseases . gardasil does not have any effect in individuals who already have a persistent infection or disease associated with any of the hpv types in the vaccine . however , in individuals who are already infected with one or more of the vaccine hpv types , gardasil can still protect against diseases associated with the other hpv types in the vaccine . gardasil cannot cause the diseases it protects against . gardasil produces type - specific antibodies and has been shown in clinical trials to prevent hpv 6 -, 11 -, 16 -, and 18 - related diseases in women 16 - 45 years of age and in men 16 - 26 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 15 - year - old children and adolescents . gardasil should be used in accordance with official guidelines .
eviplera contains three active substances that are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection : emtricitabine , a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ). rilpivirine , a non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nnrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). each of these active substances , also known as antiretroviral medicines , works by interfering with an enzyme ( a protein called ' reverse transcriptase ') that is essential for the virus to multiply . eviplera reduces the amount of hiv in your body . this , will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . eviplera is a treatment for human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults aged 18 years and over .
intanza is a vaccine . this vaccine is recommended to help to protect you against flu . the vaccine may be administered to individuals of 60 years of age and over , especially in those who run an increased risk of associated complications . when an injection of intanza is given , the immune system ( body ' s natural defences ) will develop protection against flu infection . intanza will help to protect you against the three strains of virus contained in the vaccine , or other strains closely related to them . full effect of the vaccine is generally achieved 2 - 3 weeks after the vaccination .
temozolomide hexal contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide hexal is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temozolomide hexal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temozolomide hexal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
semglee contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . semglee is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . insulin glargine has a long and steady blood - sugar - lowering action .
zoledronic acid teva pharma contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates and is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis or osteoporosis caused by treatment with corticosteroids used to treat inflammation , and paget ' s disease of the bone in adults . osteoporosis osteoporosis is a disease that involves the thinning and weakening of the bones and is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause bone loss occurs , bones become weaker and break more easily . osteoporosis could also occur in men and women because of the long term use of steroids , which can affect the strength of bones . many patients with osteoporosis have no symptoms but they are still at risk of breaking bones because osteoporosis has made their bones weaker . decreased circulating levels of sex hormones , mainly oestrogens converted from androgens , also play a role in the more gradual bone loss observed in men . in both women and men , zoledronic acid teva pharma strengthens the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . zoledronic acid teva pharma is also used in patients who have recently broken their hip in a minor trauma such as a fall and therefore are at risk of subsequent bone breaks . paget ' s disease of the bone it is normal that old bone is removed and is replaced with new bone material . this process is called remodelling . in paget ' s disease , bone remodelling is too rapid and new bone is formed in a disordered fashion , which makes it weaker than normal . if the disease is not treated , bones may become deformed and painful , and may break . zoledronic acid teva pharma works by returning the bone remodelling process to normal , securing formation of normal bone , thus restoring strength to the bone .
what atectura breezhaler is and how it works atectura breezhaler contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone furoate . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . corticosteroids also help to prevent attacks of asthma . what atectura breezhaler is used for atectura breezhaler is used regularly as treatment for asthma in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ). asthma is a serious , long - term lung disease where the muscles surrounding the smaller airways become tight ( bronchoconstriction ) and inflamed . symptoms come and go and include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you should use atectura breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
iasibon contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . iasibon is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ) it helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or radiotherapy iasibon can also be prescribed if you have a raised calcium level in your blood due to a tumour . iasibon works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
aripiprazole mylan pharma contains the active substance aripiprazole and belong to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 15 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan pharma is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 13 years and older who suffer from a condition with symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with aripiprazole mylan pharma .
takhzyro contains the active substance lanadelumab . what takhzyro is used for takhzyro is a medicine used in adults , and adolescents aged 12 years and older to prevent angioedema attacks , in patients with hae . what hereditary angioedema ( hae ) is hae is a condition which runs in families . with this condition your blood does not have enough of a protein called ' c1 inhibitor ', or c1 inhibitor does not work properly . this leads to too much ' plasma kallikrein ', which in turn produces higher levels of ' bradykinin ' in your bloodstream . too much bradykinin leads to symptoms of hae like swelling and pain on the , hands and feet face , eyelids , lips or tongue voice - box ( larynx ), which may make breathing difficult genitals how takhzyro works takhzyro is a type of protein that blocks the activity of plasma kallikrein . this helps to reduce the amount of bradykinin in your bloodstream and prevents symptoms of hae .
zypadhera contains the active substance olanzapine . zypadhera belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia - a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . zypadhera is intended for adult patients who are sufficiently stabilised during treatment with oral olanzapine .
juluca is a medicine that contains two active ingredients used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection : dolutegravir and rilpivirine . dolutegravir belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called integrase inhibitors ( inis ), and rilpivirine belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). juluca is used to treat hiv in adults aged 18 years and over who are taking other antiretroviral medicines and whose hiv - 1 infection is under control for at least 6 months . juluca may replace your current antiretroviral medicines . juluca keeps the amount of hiv virus in your body at a low level . this helps maintain the number of cd4 cells in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
the name of this medicine is taxespira . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . taxespira has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxespira could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , taxespira could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of lung cancer , taxespira could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , taxespira is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , taxespira is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , taxespira is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
inductos contains the active substance , dibotermin alfa . it is a copy of a protein called bone morphogenetic protein 2 ( bmp - 2 ), which is produced naturally by the body and helps with the formation of new bone tissue . inductos may be used either in lower back spine fusion surgery or to repair fractures of the shin bone . lower back spine fusion surgery if you have a lot of pain from a damaged disc in your lower back , and other treatments have not proven effective , you may be considered for lower back spine fusion surgery . inductos is used instead of taking a bone graft from your hip ; this avoids the problems and pain that can be caused by an operation to collect the bone graft . when used in lower back fusion surgery , inductos is used in combination with a medical device , which corrects the position of your spine . if you have any question about the medical device , please ask your doctor . fractures of the shin bone if you have broken your shin bone , inductos is used , to help your fracture heal and to reduce the need for additional surgeries . it is used in addition to standard treatment and care of shin bone fractures .
posaconazole ahcl contains a medicine called posaconazole . this belongs to a group of medicines called " antifungals ". it is used to prevent and treat many different fungal infections . this medicine works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of fungi that can cause infections . posaconazole ahcl can be used in adults to treat the following types of fungal infections when other antifungal medicines have not worked or you have had to stop taking them : - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines amphotericin b or itraconazole or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the fusarium family that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that cause the conditions known as " chromoblastomycosis " and " mycetoma " that have not improved during treatment with itraconazole or when itraconazole has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by a fungus called coccidioides that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , itraconazole or fluconazole or when these medicines have had to be stopped . - infections in the mouth or throat area ( known as " thrush ") caused by fungi called candida , which were not previously treated . this medicine can also be used to prevent fungal infections in adults who are at high risk of getting a fungal infection , such as : - patients who have a weak immune system due to having chemotherapy for " acute myelogenous leukemia " ( aml ) or " myelodysplastic syndromes " ( mds ) - patients having " high - dose immunosuppressive therapy " after " hematopoietic stem cell transplant " ( hsct ).
braftovi is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance encorafenib . changes ( mutations ) in the braf gene can produce proteins that cause the cancer to grow . braftovi targets proteins made from this changed braf gene . it is used in combination with another medicine containing binimetinib to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called melanoma when it has - a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene responsible for producing a protein called braf , and - spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery when braftovi is used in combination with binimetinib , which targets another protein that stimulates cancer cell growth , the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . braftovi is also used in combination with another medicine cetuximab , to treat adult patients with a type of large intestine cancer when it has - a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene responsible for producing a protein called braf , and - spread to other parts of the body of patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines when braftovi is used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
zonisamide mylan contains the active substance zonisamide , and is used as an antiepileptic medicine . zonisamide mylan is used to treat seizures that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not be followed by a seizure affecting all of the brain ( secondary generalisation ). zonisamide mylan may be used : on its own to treat seizures in adults with other antiepileptic medicines to treat seizures in adults , adolescents , and children aged 6 years and above .
what ilaris is ilaris contains the active substance canakinumab , a monoclonal antibody that belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin inhibitors . it blocks the activity of a substance called interleukin - 1 beta ( il - 1 beta ) in the body , which is present at increased levels in inflammatory diseases . what ilaris is used for ilaris is used for treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - periodic fever syndromes : cryopyrin - associated periodic syndromes ( caps ), tumour necrosis factor receptor associated periodic syndrome ( traps ), hyperimmunoglobulin d syndrome ( hids )/ mevalonate kinase deficiency ( mkd ), familial mediterranean fever ( fmf ). - still ' s disease including adult onset still ' s disease ( aosd ) and systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis ( sjia ) - gouty arthritis more information on each of these diseases is given below . periodic fever syndromes ilaris is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older to treat the following : - cryopyrin - associated periodic syndromes ( caps ) this is a group of auto - inflammatory diseases , which include : muckle - wells syndrome ( mws ), neonatal - onset multisystem inflammatory disease ( nomid ), also called chronic infantile neurological , cutaneous , articular syndrome ( cinca ), severe forms of familial cold auto - inflammatory syndrome ( fcas ) / familial cold urticaria ( fcu ) presenting with signs and symptoms beyond cold - induced urticarial skin rash . - tumour necrosis factor receptor associated periodic syndrome ( traps ) - hyperimmunoglobulin d syndrome ( hids ) also known as mevalonate kinase deficiency ( mkd ) - familial mediterranean fever ( fmf ): ilaris is used to treat fmf . ilaris can be used together with colchicine , if appropriate . in patients with periodic fever syndromes ( caps , traps , hids / mkd and fmf ), the body produces too much il - 1 beta . this may cause fever , headache , fatigue , skin rash , or painful joints and muscles . by blocking the activity of il - 1 beta , ilaris may improve these symptoms . still ' s disease ilaris is used in adults , adolescents and children to treat active still ' s disease including adult - onset still ' s disease ( aosd ) and systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis ( sjia ) in patients aged 2 years and older if other treatments have not worked well enough . ilaris can be used alone or in combination with methotrexate . still ' s disease including sjia and aosd is an inflammatory disease that can cause pain , swelling and inflammation of one or more joints , as well as rash and fever . a pro - inflammatory protein called il - 1 beta plays an important role in still ' s disease inflammation . ilaris blocks the activity of il - 1 beta , which may improve the signs and symptoms of still ' s disease . gouty arthritis ilaris is used in adults to treat the symptoms of frequent gouty arthritis attacks if other treatments have not worked well enough . gouty arthritis is caused by the formation of urate crystals . these crystals cause excessive production of il - 1 beta , which in turn can lead to sudden , severe pain , redness , warmth and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ). by blocking the activity of il - 1 beta , ilaris may lead to an improvement in these symptoms .
what aerius is aerius contains desloratadine which is an antihistamine . how aerius works aerius is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you drowsy . it helps control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . when aerius should be used aerius relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include sneezing , runny or itchy nose , itchy palate , and itchy , red or watery eyes . aerius is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with urticaria ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and hives . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
rotarix is a viral vaccine , containing live , attenuated human rotavirus , that helps to protect your child , from the age of 6 weeks , against gastro - enteritis ( diarrhoea and vomiting ) caused by rotavirus infection . how rotarix works rotavirus infection is the most common cause of severe diarrhoea in infants and young children . rotavirus is easily spread from hand - to - mouth due to contact with stools from an infected person . most children with rotavirus diarrhoea recover on their own . however , some children become very ill with severe vomiting , diarrhoea and life - threatening loss of fluids that requires hospitalisation . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make antibodies against the most commonly occurring types of rotavirus . these antibodies protect against disease caused by these types of rotavirus . as with all vaccines , rotarix may not completely protect all people who are vaccinated against the rotavirus infections it is intended to prevent .
fabrazyme contains the active substance agalsidase beta and is used as enzyme replacement therapy in fabry disease , where the level of α - galactosidase enzyme activity is absent or lower than normal . if you suffer from fabry disease a fat substance , called globotriaosylceramide ( gl - 3 ), is not removed from the cells of your body and starts to accumulate in the walls of the blood vessels of your organs . fabrazyme is indicated for use as long - term enzyme replacement therapy in patients with a confirmed diagnosis of fabry disease . fabrazyme is indicated in adults , children and adolescents aged 8 years and older .
rizmoic contains the active substance naldemedine . it is a medicine used in adults to treat constipation caused by pain medicines , called opioids ( e . g morphine , oxycodone , fentanyl , tramadol , codeine , hydromorphone , methadone ). your opioid pain medicine may cause the following symptoms : - reduction in how often you pass stools - hard stools - stomach ache - pain in the rectum when pushing hard stools out - a feeling that the bowel is still not empty after passing stools . rizmoic can be used in patients using an opioid medicine for cancer pain or long term non - cancer pain after they have previously been treated with a laxative .
spectrila contains asparaginase , which is an enzyme that interferes with natural substances necessary for cancer cell growth . all cells need an amino acid called asparagine to stay alive . normal cells can make asparagine for themselves , while some cancer cells cannot . asparaginase lowers asparagine level in blood cancer cells and stops the cancer growing . spectrila is used to treat adults and children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( all ) which is a form of blood cancer . spectrila is used as part of a combination therapy .
ammonaps is prescribed to patients with urea cycle disorders . patients with these rare disorders have a deficiency of certain liver enzymes and are therefore unable to eliminate nitrogen waste . nitrogen is a building block of proteins , because of this , there is a build up of nitrogen in the body after eating protein . nitrogen waste , in the form of ammonia , is especially toxic for the brain and leads , in severe cases , to reduced levels of consciousness and to coma . ammonaps helps the body to eliminate nitrogen waste , reducing the amount of ammonia in your body .
what elebrato ellipta is elebrato ellipta contains three active substances called fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . fluticasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids , often simply called steroids . umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what elebrato ellipta is used for elebrato ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making breathing difficult . this medicine widens these muscles in the lungs , reducing the swelling and irritation in the small air passages and making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . elebrato ellipta should be used every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . it should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ).
veltassa is a medicine that contains the active substance patiromer . veltassa is used to treat adults with high levels of potassium in their blood . too much potassium in the blood can affect how your nerves control your muscles . this can lead to weakness or even paralysis . high potassium levels can also result in an abnormal heartbeat , which can cause serious effects on your heart rhythm . veltassa works by attaching to potassium in your gut . this prevents potassium from entering your bloodstream and lowers potassium levels in your blood back to normal .
