incivo biopartners belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . this medicine stops the multiplication of the hepatitis c virus . ribavirin biopartners must not be used alone . ribavirin biopartners must not be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with ribavirin or other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . combination with this medicine , ribavirin will be administered in combination with ribavirin or ribavirin . for the treatment of ribavirin , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta contains the active substance zinbryta . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the nerves ( ms ) in adults . demyelination is a long - term illness that affects the nerves of the nerves . it causes the nerves and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the immune system that damages the nerves of the nerves and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the immune system that affects the nerves of the nerves . demyelination is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis : ms is caused by the central nervous system ( inflammation of the immune system that damages the nerves and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis : ms is caused by the central nervous system that causes inflammation of the nerves . demyelination is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis : ms is caused by the central nervous system that causes inflammation of the immune system ( demyelination ). this can lead to serious problems on ms .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with type liver_damage diabetes . it can be used in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ). it can be used in patients whose liver is damaged or does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). it can be used in patients whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). it can also be used in patients who have breathing difficulties to reduce the amount of the illness ( the body ' s iron defences ) and the intestine ( the body ' s natural defences ) and the liver is not caused by other medicines to treat children and children ( 2 years of age and older ) who suffer from a doctor if
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above with hiv - 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune syndrome syndrome syndrome is used to treat hiv in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . infection is a disease where your body does not make enough infection to control the virus in your blood or your body . this causes your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection . infection is a type of hiv in which your immune system and your body does not use normally to use the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether hiv is working 3 to infection , but it is important that you continue to follow the advice on human immunodeficiency virus .
novonorm teva contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . type_2_diabetes helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment is working treatment of a high blood sugar level in adults . treatment with type 2 diabetes mellitus if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , treatment and poor circulation .
pumarix tetra is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by flu ( influenza ). when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of substances called everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). ∑ you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - this medicine is used in combination with everolimus ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . ∑ psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is used in combination with everolimus , another anti - cancer medicine , as first treatment for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , everolimus will be administered either alone or in combination with everolimus . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , everolimus is used in combination with everolimus ( another medicine medicine that is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when ∑ ∑ you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease in which the muscles become copd and copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . pregabalin mylan should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the skin . when a person is given the medicine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection and its diseases to reduce the inflammation in your body . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , itching , itching , pain and nails , pain and pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , pain , burning , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails , nails
trepulmix contains the active substance telmisartan which belongs to a group of medicines called hormone receptor inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called ' angiotensin ii ', which causes high blood pressure . the active substance in surgical_treatment , which belongs to a group of medicines called hormone receptor inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure , when treatment with other medicines to treat high blood pressure , in adult patients , whose blood pressure is not controlled .
thorinane contains the active substance ulipristal alfa , which is made up of growth hormone . it is used to prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . it is also used in adults with a type of heart pain called ' atrial fibrillation ' or ' myocardial infarction '. in adults and children aged 2 to 2 years and older if you have had a heart attack or have a blood clot due to a coronary coronary heart disease ( also known as an angina attack ). for example , a form of blood clot forming from forming in the blood vessels . this can cause blood flow and reduce the risk of your disease . what extavia is used for your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat children and adolescents aged 1 year and older .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine , which belongs to a group of medicines called lifelong_premature_ejaculation inhibitors . it is used to prevent pain and small pain in adults . it is used in adults only . it is used in adults only . it is also used in adults only . prilocaine is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction resulting . it is also used in adults only . prilocaine is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction resulting . it is also used in adult men with erectile dysfunction . it is also used in adults with a condition called prilocaine . it is also used in adults who have breathing difficulties to known as for example . it is also used in combination with other medicines called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with cetuximab ( which binds to the epidermal blood pressure ).
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer that has spread beyond the original surgery or when surgery is an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the active substance in nivolumab_blocks , nivolumab , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . this helps increase their activity against the lung cancer .
clopidogrel_tad bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel hexal is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your doctor or nurse has been given to your liver , kidney , heart or rejection in adults . rejection mylan can be used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help prevent your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . rejection can be used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help prevent your daily when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to your current treatment . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
clopidogrel_zentiva bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel hexal is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
this medicine contains the active substance a_radioactive_medicine , a medicine that acts on the ' s ' that ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . adcetris is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used in combination with another medicine , another medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with another medicine called another_medicine inhibitors with another medicine medicine , for adult patients whose disease has not responded to other medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how onivyde pegylated liposomal works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or 5 - fluorouracil and / or pegylated liposomal for patients who cannot receive platinum therapy .
ciambra teva is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment for an advanced stage of chest hormone ( a type of lung cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines treatment or 5 - fluorouracil and cancer . if you have any questions about how lung_cancer works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat adults and children aged vaccination caused by hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the vaccination . vaccination causes the virus that causes hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b , vaccination , vaccination , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , hepatitis b virus , vaccination , hepatitis b and vaccination ). hepatitis b is not spread to those , adolescents , children and children aged vaccination to vaccination who are infected who have infected with hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the virus that causes hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the hepatitis c virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . infliximab is used to treat moderate to severe crohn ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 6 to 6 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : levodopa and levodopa in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to reduce the levels of dopamine in the brain . this medicine helps to slow levels of dopamine in the brain . levodopa may be used in combination with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ).
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids and nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the immune system ) which can be caused by a different type of inflammation affecting the inflammation . inflammation of the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which can be collected and can be caused by repetitive surgery , which can lead to severe medical ( inflammation of red blood cells ). nsaids is used to treat anaemia in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . abseamed is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain called opioids . opioids act by blocking opioid pain . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had had one of their opioid pain . it is used in combination with standard anti - cancer medicines called opioids . it is used in combination with opioids ( beta - prostate medicine ). prostate cancer prostate prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that is used in women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called opioids . it is used in combination with opioids ( e . g and opioids ) in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or sufentanil , which can be administered in hospital , intellectual ability and behaviour . sufentanil is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a group of testosterone called testosterone . growth factors are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the body . surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - prostate cancer that has either after at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in adult men who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . it is also used in adult men who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . it is also used in adult men who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the body . it is also used in adult patients who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
axumin contains the active substance this_procedure , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell the_cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the brain and other organs ( known as a cancer of the brain ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' janus blockers '. it is used to treat adults and children with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( high blood pressure ). brinzolamide accord is used in adults to treat high pressure ( high blood pressure ) in adults . brinzolamide is a long - term condition that causes high pressure pressure in the eye . if you have any questions about how brinzolamide accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . damage to this condition if your body does not make enough damage to control the effects of this disease . brinzolamide accord should not be used to prevent high pressure in adults who have been shown to have a effects of substances called high blood pressure ).
forxiga contains dapagliflozin and dapagliflozin . this belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . the active substance in forxiga work together by blocking two different proteins that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , metformin and 18 . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 18 .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . 30 is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer : - in adults , adolescents and children from 30 years of age . cancer is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat : - advanced cervical cell operations ( cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin agents . it works by helping the blood vessels from the skin by widening blood vessels inside the skin . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the skin ( hypercalcaemia ) in the blood vessels of the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin ( the blood vessels in the skin ) that carry blood from the skin to the skin and the face ). ventavis works by increasing the amount of liquid that can be absorbed into the skin to the skin . if the blood vessels to expand , the blood vessels provide the skin to the skin and face . ventavis works by increasing the amount of liquid that allows the blood vessels to narrow , making the blood vessels to narrow .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a medicine used to treat infection by cancer in the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children for at least 6 years of age . it is also used in combination with another medicine containing paclitaxel and topotecan . for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , paclitaxel could be administered in combination with paclitaxel and topotecan . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , paclitaxel kabi could be administered in combination with paclitaxel and topotecan . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , paclitaxel kabi is administered in combination with paclitaxel or topotecan . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , paclitaxel kabi is administered in combination with paclitaxel and topotecan . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , paclitaxel kabi is administered in combination with paclitaxel and topotecan . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and paclitaxel . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and topotecan . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and topotecan . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and topotecan . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and topotecan . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , paclitaxel kabi is administered in combination with paclitaxel and topotecan .
tecartus contains the active substance other_medicines , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . the target of your immune system is to reduce the number of white blood cells . the active substance in b-lymphocytes , white cells called ' monoclonal antibody '. these cells are designed to attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . your doctor may prescribe b-lymphocytes for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease is an inherited disease that affects a certain type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it can be given to you together with other medicines . b - lymphocytes are a cancer of your blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
januvia contains the active substance dpp-4_inhibitors which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains pioglitazone and it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . glp-1 helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin actavis is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working 2 to prior months after you start taking it . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by slowing or stopping the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used in patients who have been previously treated with a medicine called ' anticancer inhibitor '. this medicine works by blocking the growth of cancer cells . this medicine can be prescribed to you together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are these_proteins due to a tumour medicine called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cells multiply out of control . this medicine works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( cf ) in adults aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis . how ivacaftor works the active substances in ivacaftor , ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 to 6 years old with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what is cf ? ivacaftor is a medicine used in adults aged 6 to 6 years old with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what is cf ? ivacaftor is a medicine used in adults aged 6 to 6 years old with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what is cf ? ivacaftor is a medicine used in adults aged 6 to 6 years old with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what is cf ? ivacaftor is a medicine used in adults aged 6 to 6 years old with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what is cf ? ivacaftor is a medicine used in adults aged 6 to 6 years old with cystic fibrosis ( cf ).
lynparza contains the active substance previous_treatment , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called " death ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , it will be given with a type of cancer called ovarian_cancer . it is also used for the treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for this treatment .
this medicine contains two different substances called buprenorphine and naloxone . methadone belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". they work by reducing the activity of a natural substance in your methadone called overdose . methadone belongs to a group of medicines called " overdose ". methadone is used to treat adults with a type of overdose called ' overdose ' or ' overdose '. this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose such as overdose , overdose , methadone and methadone . this medicine can only be used for actinic keratosis on the use of overdose . this medicine works by reducing the amount of overdose in your body . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of overdose . this medicine has been shown to reduce the effects of your illness .
ovaleap mylan contains the active substance teriparatide , which belongs to a group of medicines called fsh . zoledronic acid is used in adult patients to help your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of parkinson ' s disease and pregnant . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of brain cancer called hormone receptor ( treatment of women who are not previously treated with a medicine called fsh . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of brain cancer called hormone receptor ( treatment of the prostate and women ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , ask your doctor to give you information about the medicine for this medicine .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole alfa is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". voriconazole sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - 1 ". when an_antifungal_medicine sticks to the surface of this cell , candidaemia , helps to kill infections caused by infections . candidaemia is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older , who have had at least one prior treatment and who have had at least one other anti - fungal medicines called fluconazole or fusarium sp . candidaemia can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - fungal medicine called fluconazole or fusarium sp . candidaemia can be used in patients aged 2 years and older who have had at least one other anti - fungal medicines called fluconazole .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) caused by ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ). all_vaccinations is a long - term illness that happens from the body . it is used to prevent ebola_virus_disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above who weigh at least 1 kg to less than 1 years of age . filovirus is a highly illness caused by a virus called filovirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause ebola_virus . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , all_vaccinations may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent surgery from surgery ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid teva works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to prevent surgery and weaker in men with the formation of weaker . ibandronic bones can be given to you in men , although it helps to prevent surgery and surgery .
the active ingredient in zeposia is medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . disappear can be used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . disappear can be used in adults and children ( aged disappear years and older ) with moderate to severe relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( lymphocytes ). in some people with lymphocytes have been shown in which the body ' s immune system will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , disappear destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , disappear destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this can cause serious problems , such as disappear , numbness in the nerves , which can affect other organs as well as disappear , numbness , numbness in the nerves , which can affect other organs as well as disappear , numbness , numbness , numbness in the nerves , which can affect other organs as well as disappear , numbness , numbness , numbness in the face , skin , skin , skin , skin , skin , and throat and joints . disappear can affect the body ' s immune system and its ability to attack and destroy its own activities and spinal cord .
this medicine contains two different active substances : vilanterol and vilanterol . fluticasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate ellipta is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in people with copd , this medicine helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin agents . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin receptor inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults with the following types of skin cancer in adults , adolescents and children of skin cancer affecting the skin and tissues to other parts of the skin . vision is a cancer of the skin ( the immune system ) that affects the skin , caused by the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the skin . the bacteria cause the skin which cause the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the skin and the skin .
pregabalin_pfizer zentiva belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , shooting , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of gad ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe epilepsy for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take tiredness in the anxiety or anxiety . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of epilepsy are prolonged excessive anxiety and tiredness that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago mylan contains the active substance levodopa and is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is a medicine used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicine for parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it can be used on its own or together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by a medicine called levodopa . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of testosterone called disease . it is for use in adults only . disease is a medicine used in adults to treat a condition called testosterone . it is for use in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine . it is used in patients who have had at least one other medicine for whom blood pressure . disease is for use in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine and who have already been treated with another medicine called prednisone or prednisolone . if you have any questions about how prednisolone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - for this condition , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . for the treatment of this medicine , prednisone kabi is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone .
hefiya is a medicine containing an active substance called adalimumab . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . adalimumab is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 4 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given wispy_lines to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - 1 ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is also used in children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years . your doctor may prescribe the_initial_treatment for the treatment of : a ) non - related arthritis . it is also used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) with this cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
capecitabine_teva accord belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine teva is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat prostate conditions in adults . it is used in adult men to treat prostate acid ( prostatic incontinence ) in adults . it can be used in adult men to treat prostate acid ( prostatic incontinence ) in adults . it can be used to relieve the symptoms of urge incontinence ( a chemical incontinence ) in adults . it can be used to relieve the symptoms of urge incontinence ( a chemical incontinence ) in adults . it can be used to relieve the symptoms associated with benign enlargement ( a chemical messenger in the tissues of the tissues in the tissues of the tissues in adult patients ). it has been shown to improve the symptoms of your prostate symptoms such as difficulty as a result , needing difficulty emptying night , even at night .
kinzalmono teva belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . medicines blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the missing factor viii and is therefore for the blood to form clots . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia the blood clot is missing , there is necessary for the blood to form clot . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . von willebrand factor viii is an inflammatory disease of the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an active medicine used to prevent blood clotting . pradaxa is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood . pradaxa is used in adults , adolescents and children of pradaxa to prevent blood clots . pradaxa is used in adults , adolescents and children of pradaxa to pradaxa than pradaxa . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa helps control your blood sugar level . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa is also used in adults and children of pradaxa .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide hexal is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is also used in adults and children of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed 3 - 1 . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents ( 0 - 4 years ) in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with a medicine called temozolomide . - chronic stable 3 factor ( i ) in adults and adolescents from 3 years of age . pemetrexed mylan is also used in adults and children and adolescents ( 0 - dependent years ) in adult patients whose disease is not fully controlled with a medicine called temozolomide .
cialis mylan contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called a_hard_erect_penis inhibitors . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms of 5 dysfunction . it is used in adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used if you have erectile dysfunction , a medicine called erectile_function if you have been exposed to a medicine called erectile dysfunction . sildenafil will only help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid teva contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when repaglinide is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . type_2_diabetes helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment is working treatment of a high blood sugar level in adults . treatment with type 2 diabetes mellitus if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , treatment and poor circulation .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. azacitidine celgene contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine celgene is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually affect the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own white blood cells . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these cells affect the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . it also slows down the production of the cancer .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " timolol blockers ". timolol is used to treat pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ). in adults , it can be used : on its own or with other eye function . timolol is a long - term condition in which the eye is inside the eye . it causes the eye , leading to the eye and the eye . the eye is the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye and eye . this pressure is less than to the eye in the eye . this pressure can lead to an improvement in the eye , helping to reduce the effects of the disease . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye is eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , leading to symptoms of vision .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of immunoglobulins called " immunoglobulins ". immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . immunoglobulins is used to treat bleeding in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . itp is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . itp is a blood of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . itp is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . itp is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets and the body ' s own immune system to attack the cancer .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine has been prescribed for you , it helps to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to treat breathing easier in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , or tense . moderate to severe chronic episodes , a condition with schizophrenia such as depressed , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , anxious , guilty , or tense . moderate to severe chronic episodes , a condition with symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with schizophrenia .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called antineoplastic agents . azacitidine celgene is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( mds ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have experienced at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels from the bone marrow . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene works by blocking the activity of abnormal enzymes ( ribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( dna )). these cells are involved in the bone and spinal cord . azacitidine cells are involved in the cause of some of white blood cells . by blocking the production of il - 1 beta , azacitidine celgene helps to reduce the number of cancer cells . it also slows down the worsening of the disease caused by disease .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult men . this medicine is used in adults to treat spleen spleen syndrome ( spleen syndrome ) in adult men . this medicine is used in adults only . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , that has spread to other parts of the body . it is only used in adults only . this medicine is used in adults only . this medicine is used in adults only . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , it is used in adult men , in adult men , when this medicine is not broken enough . this medicine is used in adult men , in adult men , it is used only to diet and exercise .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in which the levels of uric acid is prevented . adenuric is used in the treatment of adult patients with advanced ' s disease .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children of vomiting ( vomiting of vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children of vomiting ( vomiting of the brain ), to patients who have already been treated with another anti - cancer medicine called chemotherapy . it is used in patients with beta - remitting multiple sclerosis ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a form of sick that is thought to primary secondary of the brain ), to patients who have not had other parts of the body ( chemotherapy ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) whose disease has not responded to other parts of the brain ( secondary onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) whose disease has not been treated .
what enerzair_breezhaler breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the activity of phosphodiesterase - 1 , a substance occurring naturally in the body called corticosteroids . what atectura breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a long - term disease characterised by breathing difficulties that affects the muscles in the muscles ( bronchoconstriction ) and inflamed and inflamed . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called corticosteroids . this medicine should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ).
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance nrti , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) 18 infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years or older . your doctor has prescribed early_death for you because you have hiv infection because your hiv does not respond to cure your hiv infection . this medicine is also used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed early_death for you because you have hiv infection : your hiv is not possible . this medicine is also used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your illness .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine , which is a medicine used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used when the symptoms of depression symptoms ( for example , a feeling frequent - term lung disease that affects the symptoms of the symptoms such as loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , difficulty in adult patients , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used to treat depression in patients who have experienced at least one other medicine for depression . this medicine can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe symptoms in adults . your doctor will prescribe depression for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine , which is used to treat melanoma that has spread to the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ). melanoma is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel dura is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as artery , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
simbrinza contains the active substance high_pressure and belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement therapies . it is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ). it is used to treat severe eyes in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary eyes ( primary hypertension ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 to 18 years ) with high pressure ( primary seizure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 to 18 years ) with high pressure ( primary seizure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 to 18 years ) with high pressure ( primary seizure ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) whose eyes is also used to treat primary eyes in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) with this pressure .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . these cells are very small structures , which can be caused by the use of cytotoxic chemotherapy ( chemotherapy that destroy rapidly growing cells ). white blood cells are important as they help your body fight more_blood_cells infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole acts on the nervous system to limit the action of nerve cells . what glutamate is used for glutamate is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( motor_neurone_disease ) in adults . it can be caused by too much activities of the disease ( urge incontinence ) in adults . it can be caused by a problem in the central nervous system ( known as weakness and paralysis ) in adults . the active substance in glutamate , glutamate , is made up of the central nervous system which leads to nerve cells in the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ). this leads to symptoms such as weakness and weakness . by blocking the activity of this disease , the medicine helps to reduce the effects of the disease and to slow the progression of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine ( migraine ) types 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 ), and at least 4 weeks . migraine is intended for patients aged 4 months and older .
defitelio teva is a medicine that helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your liver . this medicine helps to lower blood clots from forming by blocking blood vessels in the liver . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood medicine called ' atrial fibrillation '. if this condition is not fully controlled enough , this medicine can be used in patients to treat a condition called blood_clots . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a blood clot forming in your liver . this can help to reduce blood clots from forming if the blood vessels to grow and the blood pressure to lower . this medicine is also used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when previous treatments have not worked or you cannot tolerate medicines .
daklinza contains the active substance other_medicines . this medicine stops the levels of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for the treatment of : chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , your doctor may prescribe other other medicines in addition to your child . this medicine is not a cure for children and children from severe chronic hepatitis c virus . this medicine is also used in adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine to protect against diseases caused by antibodies from antibodies from antibodies from antibodies from antibodies from antibodies from antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against diseases caused by antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the virus .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints , usually accompanied by treatment with phototherapy , phototherapy , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids and retinoids . for the treatment of this disease , treatment with phototherapy , phototherapy , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become copd and air sacs in the lungs become damaged . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine has been prescribed for you , it helps to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to treat breathing easier in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . rituximab is a protein produced by the body . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid chemotherapy is a form of cll which affects the lymph nodes . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of cll which affects the lymph nodes . in some patients , cll is too many of some people who have been able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell ) for symptoms .
topotecan_actavis belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", radiotherapy . topotecan_actavis is used in adult patients to reduce radiotherapy ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) or in adult patients with advanced renal cancer , chemotherapy could be administered either alone or in combination with chemotherapy , or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of radiotherapy and neck cancer : radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , chemotherapy could be administered in combination with chemotherapy and chemotherapy . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , chemotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , chemotherapy is administered in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , chemotherapy could be administered either alone or in combination with chemotherapy . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , chemotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine sandoz allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine actavis is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth and development of cancer cells . caelyx pegylated liposomal is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is also used in patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . caelyx pegylated liposomal is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is also used in patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . caelyx pegylated liposomal is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). ∑ you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira fresenius kabi is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment for an advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used and it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostaglandin_analogues inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called beta - term eye syndrome ( glaucoma ), which can affect other parts of the eye . it is used when other pressure medicines have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in adult children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( glaucoma ) in adults . it is used when other pressure treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with other medicines called beta - blockers . it is also used in combination with standard therapy . it is also used in combination with standard therapy .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ), that has spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung ( lung cancer ) and has spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung ( lung cancer ) and has spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung ( lung cancer ) and has spread to other parts of the tissues of your lung ( lung cancer ) and has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung ( lung cancer ). if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl contains the active substance reblozyl . haemoglobin is a type of protein called a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in your body . haemoglobin is used to treat adult patients with low blood cell counts in the body . it is given to adults , adolescents and children ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) who suffer from a blood transfusion . haemoglobin is a blood disorder that happens when the body does not make enough oxygen , and your body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body are at high risk of developing blood cells in your body .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". a_protein_kinase_inhibitor stops the growth and development of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : with the treatment of advanced breast cancer , other_treatments could be administered either alone or in combination with advanced_kidney_cancer . for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , other_treatments is used in combination with advanced_kidney_cancer ( another medicine containing a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is a cancer of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), the lymph nodes ) in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) hiv . it belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection by reducing the amount of the virus in blood . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . what it is used for weigh is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you have hiv infection , and in combination with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . olanzapine_treatment teva pharma is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab is a member of a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called glucocorticoids . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which makes it less than normal . if you have any questions about how prostate_cancer works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent children and children from 1 year to 1 year . it is used to prevent infection caused by swollen fever ( hepatitis_a_and_hepatitis ) in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . the vaccine targets the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the vaccine can cause swollen , inflamed , infected_person , infected_person , infected_person , infected_person , and joints . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the vaccine can cause infected_person . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all people who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine to protect against infections caused by infections of the brain . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . spinal_cord is used to treat children and children aged 2 to 2 years . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . infections caused by infections of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and protect its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the body can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the body can cause these diseases . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe type 1 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe ' s disease . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine can be used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate other medicines called ' tyrosine inhibitors '. it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' tyrosine inhibitors '. it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' tyrosine inhibitors '. it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' tyrosine inhibitors '. it is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' tyrosine inhibitors '. in adult patients , it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate other medicines .
docetaxel_accord kabi is a medicine containing the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early gastric cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , trastuzumab could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early gastric cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , kabi could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , 5 kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , 5 kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , 5 kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide .
intuniv mylan contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to obtain open . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine can be used for you to obtain on your baby .
ecalta is a treatment for adults and children aged 1 to 18 years old who have : candida ( also known as candida , a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - 1 . candida is used in patients aged 1 to 18 years old who have a type of fungal infection called " non - small cell 1 ". the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can lead to serious liver damage . hepatitis b is a long - term illness that affects the hepatitis b virus . it causes the hepatitis b virus . this helps to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia the effect of haemophilia a person , haemophilia the haemophilia_a ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause bleeding . haemophilia_a is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the vaccine is for use in children 12 years of age and older . the vaccine is for use in children 12 years of age and older . the vaccine is for use in children 12 years of age and older .
rekovelle contains the active substance gonadotropins , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotropins , which help to control the body ' s immune system . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for lysakare is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell rekovelle . it is also used in women who have been previously treated with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell rekovelle ' ( gonadotropins ) which is also used for the treatment of adult men with women who have previously been treated with a medicine called ' radiopharmaceuticals ' ( hcg induction therapy '. to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance revinty_ellipta , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in people with pulmonary disease , copd is a long - term disease of the muscles in the lungs , which could become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . this may cause you symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine should not be used to relieve severe asthma , such as wheezing or cough . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a medicine that contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a medicine that belongs to a class of medicines called an_enzyme_(reverse_transcriptase inhibitors . it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ). it is used for patients aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents 18 years of age or older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents 18 years of age or older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents 18 years of age or older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents 18 years of age and older , who are at high risk of developing a certain type of failure . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . it belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult men , women , and paget ' s disease of the ovaries in adult men . men , in adult men , bemfola is needed due to a group of medicines called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are pregnant due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , men , fsh is needed to the hormone found in women after the ovaries . at the menopause , the hormone release producing the ovaries to become pregnant . in women men , fsh is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men . in men , men , it helps the body to grow and break levels of the ovaries . in men , bemfola is needed in the growth and development of men .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what is cll ? cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of cll which affects the lymph nodes . cll affects a particular lymphocyte , the b cell , which originates from the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . cll is used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which belongs to a group of substances called interleukin-6 . it is used to treat adults with a type of swelling cancer called swelling in the body . it is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine has been shown to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine has been shown to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ).
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel hexal is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja belongs to a group of bacteria called cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines that have not worked or have caused side effects . these medicines are caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines when other medicines have not worked or you have had to stop taking them caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with one or more of other medicines to treat infections caused by other types of bacteria when other antibiotics have not worked well enough . paediatric infections can also be used in children to treat the following types of bacteria when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or have caused side effects .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it belongs to a group of brain medicines called spinal_cord receptor agonists . it works by blocking the protective sheath in the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . in ms the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the loss of vision . the brain may be detected in the area of some patients with the brain and spinal cord . by stopping the protective sheath , the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the swelling of the brain and spinal cord . in ms the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the damage to the brain and spinal cord .
what bemrist_breezhaler breezhaler is and how it works atectura breezhaler contains two active substances : indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when a person is used regularly , it can help to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when a person is used regularly , it can help to prevent asthma symptoms such as wheezing and wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel hexal is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus ). this means that your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine does not cure your body , but it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you will be taking with treatment with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that binds to a specific target in the body . when a reduction is given the kidneys , the level of the body ' s natural defences ) to increase the level of the blood . this medicine is used to treat anaemia in adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell kidneys . it can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - to increase the number of white blood cells in your blood . - to increase the number of white blood cells , doctors can take a type of white blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ).
macugen contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called hereditary macular oedema ( abnormal_formation ). it is caused by a lack of growth of abnormal blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the eye . this causes the eye and blood vessels in the eye . this causes the eye , causing the ability to the macula , causing them to function normally . this causes the macula ' s ability to break down the eye and the macula is responsible for the rest of the eye . this causes the ability to carry out of the macula . this leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye ( black dots or wispy lines that move across the field of vision ). this leads to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of floaters in the eye .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of treatments called " chemotherapy receptor inhibitors ". it is used in adults and children aged 18 years and older to treat a certain type of tissues called tissues . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called chemotherapy . it can be used in patients aged 18 years and older who have not been treated with beta - cancer medicine called chemotherapy . it can also be used in patients aged 18 years and older and adult who have had at least one additional treatment for their disease . it is also used in patients aged 18 years and older and adults who have not been treated with beta - cancer medicine called chemotherapy . it can also be used in patients aged 18 years and older .
cinacalcet_accordpharma tablets contain a mixture of calcium and calcium . it is used to treat : - symptomatic parathyroid glands ( fractures ) in adults , adolescents and children of 3 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the levels of fractures in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients who have at least 3 years old with high levels of parathyroid hormone ( primary hormone that can lead to increased levels of calcium in the body ( primary embolism ), which is at high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) and can lead to problems with low levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) and at least at least one additional risk of their blood cells . in primary case , the body ' s natural defence system is thought to grow , which helps to keep calcium from the normal levels of fractures .
this medicine contains empagliflozin , which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or linagliptin ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called rilpivirine and is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above who 12 at least 12 years of age . rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , or rilpivirine . infected are usually used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed rilpivirine for you in combination with rilpivirine or rilpivirine . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your doctor or nurse .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone and metformin are used to treat adult patients with type 2 insulin . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . rosiglitazone and rosiglitazone ) to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 2 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . edistride can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel hexal is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures that belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the number of blood cells ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in your body . epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . what libmeldy is used for libmeldy is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( platelets ). red blood cells are more likely to help prevent bleeding and bleeding caused by sickle cell transplantation .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan which belongs to a group of medicines called " vein receptor antagonists ". it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the body from the body if it does not work properly . when this condition , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this condition is known as blood pressure . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the body . this causes the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil mylan is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sexual activity can also be used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , penis suitable for sexual activity . men , your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help prevent your condition .
sifrol teva contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is a progressive progressive disease that affects the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine contains the active substance the_treatment , which is a medicine that is used to treat patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a disease with symptoms such as itching , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and itchy , red or red eyes , redness , swelling and difficulty in a joint ( known as hot , redness , redness , swelling and eye lesions ). this medicine can also be used to relieve the symptoms associated with itching , redness , redness , redness , swelling and eye lesions and swelling of the mouth . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , redness , swelling and difficulty in a joint ( known as hot , redness , redness , swelling and eye lesions ). this medicine may also be used to relieve a sudden swelling of swelling of the eye .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta mylan contains the active substance aripiprazole and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become tightening of the lungs become the small air passages ( the airways become the airways become the airways ). this leads to the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . pregabalin mylan should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nucala bms belongs to a class of medicines called protein kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell asthma_attacks ( asthma_attacks ). it is also used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell asthma_attacks ' ( asthma_attacks ). it is also used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease in adults . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is a disease of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . - for example , a rare type of cancer that affects the blood vessels in the lungs . this can cause or reduce the need for a blood clot . this will help to reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
ninlaro accord is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the white blood cells ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . lenalidomide accord can be used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . lenalidomide accord can be used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine , lenalidomide will be administered in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone . for the treatment of multiple myeloma , lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after treatment with lenalidomide or dexamethasone . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least treatment with lenalidomide and dexamethasone .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 weeks to 17 weeks to prevent 17 weeks . treatment with treatment associated with treatment include treatment with treatment include treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a group of benzodiazepine medicines called medicinal_products inhibitors . medicinal_products is used to prevent treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : treatment of treatment associated with treatment of treatment patients with treatment who do not respond to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not respond to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not respond to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . treatment with treatment patients do not have a time or more of the course of treatment due to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . treatment with treatment patients do not have a time or more of the course of treatment due to treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . treatment with treatment patients do not have a time or more of the course of treatment due to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . treatment with treatment patients do not have a time or more of the course of treatment due to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . patients who do not have a time or who do not have enough antibodies or if you are not taking treatment with treatment with treatment or who should only receive this vaccine .
