keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use after the expiry date which is stated on the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 and keep the container tightly closed in order to protect from light and moisture .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ) do not freeze do not use this medicine if you notice that there is discolouration or presence of foreign particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use celsentri after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , blister or bottle label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle or carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store crixivan in the original bottle and keep the bottle tightly closed to protect it from moisture . the bottle contains desiccant canisters that should remain in the bottle . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . do not use nerlynx if you notice any signs of damage to the packaging or if there are any signs of tampering ( e . g ., inner seal is broken ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the bottle in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the reconstituted solution is physically - chemically stable for 24 hours at 25 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use protopy after the expiry date which is stated on the tube and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25ºc . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use irbesartan bms after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pack . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . do not freeze . after preparing the solution you should use it immediately . however , if you are not able to do so , it will remain usable for a period of 3 hours , if kept in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not use this medicine if you notice it contains particles or is discoloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children , preferably in a locked cupboard . accidental ingestion can be lethal for children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package . do not store above 30 . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . tell your pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the capsules . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , bottle label and blister after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blisters : this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . bottles : this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from light . tell your pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the tablets . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use focetria after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
storage will be handled by healthcare professionals . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 30 . do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first opening and dilution , store at 2 to 8 and use within 24 hours .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . it is recommended that the thyrogen solution be injected within three hours after reconstitution . the reconstituted solution can be stored for up to 24 hours in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) under protection from light , while avoiding microbial contamination . do not use this medicine if you notice foreign particles , cloudiness or discoloration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use if you see opaque or foreign particles and / or if the solution appears discoloured after reconstitution .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the syringe label after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the solution should be administered immediately after opening the syringe . do not use zutectra if you notice that the solution is cloudy or has particles . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . once the injection has been completed , dispose of all needles , syringes and empty glass containers without delay in a container intended for sharp objects you were provided with .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25c . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 4 hours at 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the medicine should be used immediately . if not used immediately , the in - use storage time and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not last longer than 4 hours below 25 protected from light .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . this medicine should not be used after the expiry date shown on the carton , blister pack and vials . do not store above 25 or below 2 . store in the original package in order to protect from light . the premix solution should be used immediately after preparation . however the chemical and physical stability of the premix solution has been demonstrated for 8 hours when stored either between 2 and 8 or at room temperature ( below 25 ). the infusion solution should be used within 4 hours at room temperature ( below 25 ).
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . do not store above 30 . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . once metalyse has been reconstituted it may be stored for 24 hours at 2 - 8 and 8 hours at 30 . however , for microbiological reasons your doctor will normally use the reconstituted solution for injection immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vaccine in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials : store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . once opened , apealea is recommended to be used immediately . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use cholib after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 30 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . keep the bottle tightly closed . once the bottle is opened the medicine is to be discarded after 7 weeks . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the vial and the carton after exp . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage condition . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the chemical and physical in - use stability of the reconstituted solution has been demonstrated at concentrations of 1 mg / ml for 96 hours at 25 and 8 days at 2 - 8 , when stored in the original vial and / or a syringe . from a microbiological point of view , the reconstituted solution should be used immediately after preparation . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . the total storage time for the reconstituted medicinal product should not exceed 96 hours ( if stored at 25 ) and 8 days ( if stored at 2 - 8 ) prior to administration . bortezomib is for single use only . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use dukoral after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . product in the unopened vial and sachet , stored in the outer carton , is stable at temperatures up to 25oc for a period of 14 days . at the end of this period the product should be used or discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . it is best to store your avamys nasal spray upright . always keep the cap on . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . avamys nasal spray should be used within 2 months after first opening . do not refrigerate or freeze . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use ribavirin biopartners after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . do not store above 25 . do not use ribavirin biopartners without advice of your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the tablets .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister foil after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original container in order to protect from moisture . - do not use this medicine if you notice any damage to the packaging or if there are any signs of tampering . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . do not use this medicine if you notice any damage or signs of tampering to the pack . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use axura after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine should be used within 100 days after first opening . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . the solution should be administered immediately after preparation . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the pen label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . within its shelf life , the unopened pen may be stored at or below 25 for up to 3 months without being refrigerated again and must be discarded if it has not been used after 3 months . do not use this medicine if you notice any visible signs of deterioration , if the liquid contains particles or is not clear . once opened , the medicine should be injected immediately . do not throw any medicines away via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light . before ruconest can be administered , it needs to be dissolved in water for injections , by a healthcare professional . once reconstituted , the product should be used immediately . do not use this medicine if you notice particles in the solution or if the solution is discoloured .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any galvus pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label / blister / carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . alternative storage : when needed ( for example , when travelling ), a single amsparity pre - filled syringe may be stored at room temperature ( up to 30 ) for a maximum period of 30 days be sure to protect it from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , the syringe must be used within 30 days or discarded , even if it is returned to the refrigerator . you should record the date when the syringe is first removed from refrigerator and the date after which it should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your child ' s doctor or pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton after exp . it is most unlikely that you will be asked to store this medicine yourself . storage conditions are detailed in the section intended for medicinal or heathcare professionals . unopened vials store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . diluted solution the diluted solution should be use immediately do not throw away any medicine via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the applicator label after the letters exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the nasal applicator in the outer carton in order to protect from light . before use , the vaccine may be taken out of the refrigerator once for a maximum period of 12 hours at a temperature not above 25 . if the vaccine has not been used after this 12 hour period , it should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vials in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the product should be used immediately . however , chemical and physical stability after reconstitution was demonstrated for 8 hours below 25 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . your doctor or nurse will dispose of this medicine . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . a single benlysta pre - filled pen can be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a maximum of 12 hours as long as it is protected from light . once removed from the refrigerator , the pen must be used within 12 hours or discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . don ' t take this medicine after the expiry date shown on the carton and blister . don ' t store above 30 . do not throw away any medicines in your wastewater or household rubbish . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the tube and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). keep the tube tightly closed after first opening . discard open tubes 12 weeks after opening . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the package . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . for short term travelling , the solution can be kept out of the refrigerator at or below 25 for a period up to seven days before use . introna can be put back in the refrigerator at any time during this seven - day period . if the medicine is not used during the seven - day period , it should be discarded . do not use this medicine if you notice changes in the appearance of introna . any unused medicine must be discarded after withdrawal of the dose . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). you may take binocrit out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( up to 25 ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not freeze or shake . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that it may have been accidentally frozen , or if there has been a refrigerator failure , the liquid is coloured or you can see particles floating in it , the seal is broken . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . you should store your medicine in the original package in order to protect the tablets from moisture . remove your pritor tablet from the blister only directly prior to intake . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . infusion solution : after dilution and preparation , the medicine must be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 ºc , or up to 4 hours at 9 ºc to 25 ºc . do not freeze or shake the infusion solution . do not administer the solution if you notice any particulate matter or discoloration . this medicine is for single use only . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze . before administration , the vials will be inspected by the person administering the medicine for signs of damage or deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . this medicinal product does not require any special storage condition . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . storage after preparation reconstituted solution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 6 hours at 20 - 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than the times stated above for the chemical and physical in - use stability . diluted solution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 20 - 25 and 48 hours at 2 - 8 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than the times stated above for the chemical and physical in - use stability . the tigecycline accord solution should be yellow to orange in colour after dissolving ; if it is not , the solution should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solution : the product should be used immediately . when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in - use stability of reconstituted and infusion solutions of pemetrexed were demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature ( 2 to 8 ). this medicine is for single use only ; any unused solution must be disposed of in accordance with local requirement .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton , in order to protect from light . you may remove eporatio from the refrigerator and store it not above 25 for a single period of up to 7 days without exceeding the expiry date . once you have removed your medicine from the refrigerator you must use it within this period or it must be discarded . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . store in the original carton in order to protect from light . a single amgevita pre - filled syringe may be stored at temperatures up to a maximum of 25 for a period of up to 14 days . the pre - filled syringe must be protected from light , and discarded if not used within the 14 - day period . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
darzalex will be stored at the hospital or clinic . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . your healthcare professional will throw away any medicines that are no longer being used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use after the expiry date which is stated on the end of the tube . do not store above 25 . store in the original container in order to protect from light . keep the container tightly closed . always use the cap to close the tube tightly after each use . after opening , use within 90 days . the opening of the panretin tube is covered by a metal safety seal . if this seal has been punctured or is not visible when you first open the package , do not use and return the product to your pharmacy . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister , after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . refer to the storage conditions on the carton . if grepid is supplied in pvc / pe / pvdc / aluminium blisters , store below 25 . if grepid is supplied in all aluminium blisters , it does not require any special storage conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice any visible sign of deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . keep the injection vial in its outer carton in order to protect from light . after first opening , the medicine should be used immediately . do not use this medicine if you notice severe discolouration , the occurrence of particulate matter or a defective container . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . accidental freezing will not harm zarzio . the syringe can be removed from the refrigerator and left at room temperature for a single period of maximum 72 hours ( but not above 25 ). at the end of this period , the product should not be put back in the refrigerator and should be disposed of . do not use this medicine if you notice discolouration , cloudiness or particles , it should be a clear , colourless to slightly yellowish liquid . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not need any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial and the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . within the expiry date indicated on the label , this medicine when kept in its outer carton may be stored at ambient room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a limited period of 12 months . in this case , this medicine expires at the end of this 12 - month period or the expiration date on the product vial , whichever is earlier . the new expiry date must be noted on the outer carton . do not refrigerate the solution after reconstitution . the reconstituted solution must be used within 3 hours . this product is for single use only . any unused solution must be discarded . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on labels and cartons . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles or the solution is cloudy . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . accidental ingestion can be lethal for children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - after first opening of the bottle , discard any unused contents after 12 weeks . - store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ) 34 - keep the bottle tightly closed to prevent spoilage of the medicine and reduce the risk of accidental spillage . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . this medicine must not be used after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and the outer carton . your doctor will check the expiry date before an implant is used . store in a refrigerator ( 2oc - 8oc ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . keep the blister in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via waste water . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . - store the capsules in the original blister , in order to protect from light and moisture , and do not remove until immediately before use . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . - if your pack contains an electronic sensor for zimbus breezhaler , see the instructions for use provided in the sensor pack for detailed instructions on how to store and when to discard it .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). use the reconstituted solution ( solution you prepared by adding water for injection to the pegintron powder ) immediately or within 24 hours when stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not use this medicine if you notice discolouration of the powder , which should be white . the reconstituted solution should be clear and colourless . do not use if it is discoloured or if bits of particles are present . pegintron vials are for single use only . discard any unused material . do not throw away medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . before the vihuma powder is reconstituted it may be kept at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period not exceeding 1 month . please record the date from when you start to store vihuma at room temperature on the product carton . do not store vihuma in the refrigerator again after it has been stored at room temperature . use the reconstituted solution immediately after reconstitution . do not use the product in case you notice visible signs of deterioration of the tamper proof of packaging especially of the syringe and / or the vial . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . once the vial has been opened , the product must be used straight away . do not use this medicine if you notice particulate matter and discoloration prior to administration .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the pen after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before first use store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or place next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . keep the pen in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first use or if carried as a spare do not store the pen in a refrigerator . the pen may be stored for a maximum of 6 weeks below 30 and away from direct heat or direct light . discard the pen after this time period . do not leave your insulin in a car on an exceptionally warm or cold day . always keep the cap on the pen when you are not using it in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer used . these measures will help protect the environment .
store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use clopidogrel acino if you notice any visible sign of damage of blister or film - coated tablets . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister after exp . do not store above 30 . store in the original packaging in order to protect from light and moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the sachet after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from light . used transdermal patches still contain active ingredients , which may be harmful to others . fold the used transdermal patch in half with the sticky side inwards and dispose of it safely , out of the reach of children . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the outer carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled pen in the outer carton in order to protect from light . once opened , the pre - filled pen may be stored for a maximum of 30 days in the refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) when stored with the pen cap on and kept in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that the pre - filled pen appears damaged , the solution is cloudy , has particles or flakes , or has any colour other than colourless to slightly yellow . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). you may take grasustek out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( not above 30 ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not freeze . grasustek may be used if it is accidentally frozen for a single period of less than 24 hours . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and box . do not store above 30 . what to do with the used and unused patches used patches still contain the active substance ' rotigotine ', which may be harmful to others . fold the used patch with the sticky side inwards . put the patch in the original sachet and then throw it away safely , out of the reach of children . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the packaging after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . store the tablets in the original packaging in order to protect from light and moisture . if your fampyra is supplied in bottles , only one bottle should be opened at a time . after first opening use within 7 days . do not throw away any medicines via waste water or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
your doctor , pharmacist or nurse knows how to store aclasta properly . - keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and bottle after exp . - the unopened bottle does not require any special storage conditions . - after opening the bottle , the product should be used immediately in order to avoid microbial contamination . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 8 . allow the refrigerated solution to reach room temperature before administration .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . cablivi may be stored at a temperature not above 25 for a single period of up to 2 months , but not beyond the expiry date . do not return cablivi to refrigerated storage after storage at room temperature . never expose to temperatures above 30 . do not use cablivi if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the box after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . you must throw away the bottle 4 weeks after you first opened it , to prevent infections , and use a new bottle . write down the date you opened it in the space on each carton box . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated after ' exp ' on the carton , on the vial , and on the pre - filled syringe labels . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before reconstitution ( before the powder is mixed with the solvent ): store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). esperoct can be kept at room temperature (≤ 30 ) for a single period for up to 12 months within the shelf life of the product or above room temperature (> 30 up to 40 ) for a single period for up to 3 months within the shelf life of the product . when you start to store esperoct outside the refrigerator , record the date and the storage temperature in the space provided on the carton . once you have taken the product out of the refrigerator for storage you must not store it again in the refrigerator . do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after reconstitution ( after the powder has been mixed with the solvent ): once you have reconstituted esperoct , it should be used immediately . if you cannot use the reconstituted solution immediately , it should be used within 24 hours when stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) or 4 hours at ≤ 30 or 1 hour between > 30 and 40 , only if the product was stored above room temperature (> 30 up to 40 ) before reconstitution for no longer than 3 months . the powder in the vial appears as a white to off - white powder . do not use the powder if the colour has changed . the reconstituted solution must be clear and colourless . do not use the reconstituted solution if you notice any particles or discolouration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . combined pills ( including zoely tablets ) no longer required should not be disposed via wastewater or the municipal sewage system . the hormonal active ingredients in the tablet may have harmful effects if they reach the aquatic environment . return them to a pharmacy or dispose them in another safe way according to local requirements . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator 2 to 8 . do not freeze . keep vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the diluted solution of zinplava may be stored either at room temperature for up to 16 hours or under refrigeration at 2 to 8 for up to 24 hours . if refrigerated , allow the iv bag to come to room temperature prior to use . do not store any unused portion of the infusion solution for reuse . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store vial in the original package in order to protect from light . before the nuwiq powder is reconstituted , it may be kept at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period not exceeding 1 month . record the date from when you start to store nuwiq at room temperature on the product carton . do not store nuwiq in the refrigerator again after it has been stored at room temperature . use the reconstituted solution immediately after reconstitution . do not use the medicine in case you notice visible signs of deterioration of the tamper proof of packaging especially of the syringe and / or the vial . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . once removed from the blister a capsule should be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
before use , store unopened veklury concentrated solution in a refrigerator until the day it is needed . before diluting it , allow the concentrated solution to come up to room temperature . once diluted , veklury should be used immediately . if necessary , bags of diluted solution can be stored for up to 4 hours below 25 , or for up to 24 hours in a refrigerator . do not allow more than 24 hours between dilution and administration . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine if you see particles in the vial , or if the solution does not appear colorless to yellow .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , wrapper and blisters . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use this medicine if you notice that the blister containing the capsules is opened or a capsule is broken . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister foil or bottle after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , vial and pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze or place next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . store in the original package in order to protect from light . the unopened product may be stored in the original package at room temperature ( not above 30 ) for up to three months . the solution should be used immediately after preparation . do not use this medicine if you notice that the white powder in the vial has changed in appearance . do not use the prepared solution in the vial if it is not clear and colourless or if it has particles in it . do not throw any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use ozurdex after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the pouch after exp :. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . do not put apidra next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . opened vials once in use , the vial may be stored for a maximum of 4 weeks in the outer carton below 25 away from direct heat or direct light . do not use the vial after this time period . it is recommended that the date of the first use be noted on the label . do not use this medicine if it does not appear clear and colourless . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and ampoule . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . any ventavis solution remaining in the nebuliser after inhalation must be thrown away . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
the pain - relieving medicine in instanyl is very strong and can be life - threatening to children . instanyl must be kept out of the sight and reach of children . always place the nasal spray in the child - resistant box after use . do not use instanyl after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . store below 30c . keep the nasal spray stored upright . do not freeze . if instanyl nasal spray is frozen the spray pump may crack . if uncertain of how the pump has been stored , you should check the spray pump before use . instanyl that has passed the expiry date or is no longer required , may still contain enough medicine to be harmful to other people , especially children . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . any used or unused nasal spray should be returned systematically and suitably in the child - resistant outer box and discarded according to local requirements or returned to the pharmacy . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use imprida hct after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any imprida hct pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton , in order to protect from light . lonquex may be removed from the refrigerator and stored below 25 for a maximum single period of up to 3 days . once removed from the refrigerator , the medicine must be used within this period or disposed of . do not use this medicine if you notice that it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away this medicine via wastewater or household waste . dispose of this medicine as instructed by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the box or capsule card . store in the original packaging in order to protect from moisture . once removed from the capsule card ( blister ), a capsule should be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the bottle after ( exp ). the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . after dilution in the dosing cups , the preparation should be used within 24 hours . once you open a bottle of xyrem , any contents that you have not used with 90 days of opening should be disposed of . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not take this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer take . these measures will help protect the environment .
evarrest must be kept out of the sight and reach of children . evarrest must not be used after the expiry date which is stated on the foil sachet as well as the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . evarrest must not be stored above 25 and must not be frozen . evarrest must be kept dry at all times prior to application to avoid pre - activation . the foil sachet protects evarrest from moisture and from microbiological contamination .
gazyvaro will be stored by the healthcare professionals at the hospital or clinic . the storage details are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . your healthcare professional will throw away any medicines that are no longer being used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , the bottle label and / or the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 ( aclar / alu blisters ). do not store above 30 ( hdpe bottles ). store in the original package . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and blister after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice any damage or signs of tampering to the pack . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
before the first use store your liprolog in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep your vial in use in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ) or at room temperature up to 30 and discard after 28 days . do not put it near heat or in the sun . keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if you notice it is coloured or it has solid pieces in it . you must use it only if it looks like water . check this each time you inject yourself . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . lysakare should be stored below 25 . you will not have to store this medicine . the correct storage , use and disposal of this medicine are under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . you will receive lysakare in a controlled clinical setting . the following information is intended for the healthcare specialist charged with your care . do not use this medicine : - if you notice the solution is cloudy or has deposits . - if overwrap has been previously opened or damaged . - if the infusion bag is damaged or leaking
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . ( to prevent accidental freezing , avoid placing near the freezer compartment ). for the purpose of ambulatory use , you may remove rebif from the refrigerator and store it not above 25 for one single period of up to 14 days . rebif must then be returned to the refrigerator and used before the expiry date . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice any visible signs of deterioration such as if the solution is no longer clear or if it contains particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away of medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any copalia pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and syringe label after ' exp '. please note that the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 ° - 8 ). store in the original carton to protect from light . waylivra can be kept at room temperature ( up to 30 ) in the original carton for up to 6 weeks after removing from the refrigerator . during this time this medicine may be kept at either room temperature or put back into the refrigerator , as needed . the date you first remove the pack from the refrigerator should be recorded on the outer carton in the space indicated . if it is not used within 6 weeks after first removing from the refrigerator , the medicine should be discarded . if the expiry date on the syringe label has passed during the 6 week period at room temperature , the syringe should not be used and should be discarded . do not use this medicine if the solution is cloudy or contains particles ; it should be clear and colourless to slightly yellow . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label . raplixa must be used within 2 hours of opening the vial . store raplixa powder vials at 2 to 25 . do not use raplixa if the seal on the vial has been tampered with .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last date of that month . do not store above 25c . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . after opening the blister pouch , use within 60 days . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep out of the reach and sight of children - do not use livensa after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - do not store above 30 . - do not refrigerate or freeze . - medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater ( do not flush it down the toilet ) or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use clopidogrel ratiopharm if you notice any visible sign of damage of blister or film - coated tablets . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vial : store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . diluted solution : after dilution , immediate use is recommended . if not used immediately , the diluted solution must be stored at 2 ˚ c - 8 ˚ c and infused within 8 hours of dilution . do not use this medicine if you notice particles in the liquid and / or the liquid in the vial is discoloured .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the vials after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . do not refrigerate . information about storage and the time to use jevtana , once it has been diluted and is ready to use , are described in the section " practical information for medical or healthcare professionals on preparation , administration and handling of jevtana ". any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . these measures will help to protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only . amyvid must not be used after the expiry date which is stated on the shield label after exp .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use vibativ after the expiry date that is stated on the label and carton after exp : the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton to protect the product from light . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . soliris vials in the original package may be removed from refrigerated storage for only one single period of up to 3 days . at the end of this period the product can be put back in the refrigerator . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after dilution , the product should be used within 24 hours . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the bottle in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first opening , use within 30 days . keep the bottle tightly closed . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . once removed from the refrigerator : parsabiv is stable for a maximum of 7 cumulative days if stored in the original carton . no special temperature storage requirements are needed . if removed from the original carton parsabiv is stable for a maximum of 4 hours if protected from direct sunlight . do not use this medicine if you notice it has particles or it has changed colour . for single use only . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton . zyprexa velotab should be stored in its original pack in order to protect from light and moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , bottle and blister after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . for bottles , use within 6 months after first opening . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use neupopeg after the expiry date which is stated on the box and on the syringe label ( exp ). the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). you may take neupopeg out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( not above 30 ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not freeze . neupopeg may be used if it is accidentally frozen for a single period of less than 24 hours . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use neupopeg if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). from a microbiological point of view , the reconstituted or diluted solution should be used immediately . the reconstituted or diluted solution must not be frozen . if not used immediately , chemical and physical in - use stability of keytruda has been demonstrated for 96 hours at 2 to 8 . this 96 - hour total hold from reconstitution may include up to 6 hours at room temperature ( at or below 25 ). if refrigerated , the vials and / or intravenous bags must be allowed to come to room temperature prior to use . do not store any unused portion of the infusion solution for reuse . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not take use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials : store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). do not freeze . diluted solutions : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for up to 4 days at room temperature ( 23c - 27c ). from a microbiological safety point of view , the product is to be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and must normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2c - 8c followed by up to 24 hours at room temperature ( 23c - 27c ) during administration . do not take naglazyme if it contains visible particles . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pen label and carton , after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before first use store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep away from the freezing element . keep the cap on the pen in order to protect from light . after first opening or if carried as a spare you can carry your ryzodeg pre - filled pen ( flextouch ) with you and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) or in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ) for up to 4 weeks . always keep the cap on the pen when you are not using it in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . before the vaccine is mixed : 39 do not use the suspension and the emulsion after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze . after the vaccine is mixed : after mixing , use the vaccine within 24 hours and do not store above 25 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label of the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringes in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after taking a syringe from the refrigerator , wait approximately 30 minutes to allow the benepali solution in the syringe to reach room temperature . do not warm in any other way . immediate use is then recommended . benepali may be stored outside of the refrigerator at temperatures up to a maximum of 25 for a single period of up to four weeks ; after which , it should not be refrigerated again . benepali should be discarded if not used within four weeks after removal from the refrigerator . it is recommended that you record the date that benepali is removed from the refrigerator and the date after which benepali should be discarded ( no more than 4 weeks following the removal from the refrigerator ). inspect the solution in the syringe . it should be clear to slightly opalescent , colourless or pale yellow , and may contain small white or almost transparent particles of protein . this appearance is normal for benepali . do not use the solution if it is discoloured , cloudy , or if particles other than those described 100 above are present . if you are concerned with the appearance of the solution , then contact your pharmacist for assistance . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . unopened vials : store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last date of that month . reconstituted / diluted solutions : after reconstitution , from a microbiological pointy of view , this medicinal product should be used immediately . however , chemical and physical stability has been demonstrated for 3 hours after reconstitution and 8 hours after dilution at a temperature not above 25 .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not give this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , tube and oral syringe labels after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not refrigerate or freeze . keep the oral syringe in the protective plastic tube . do not use this medicine if the packaging has been opened or damaged . disposal of oral syringes do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . you should not be given this medicine after the expiry date which is printed on the carton and the ampoule labels after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . the doctor or nurse will check that the expiry date on the label has not been passed before administering the injection to you . do not refrigerate or freeze . keep the ampoule in the original package in order to protect from light . the medicine must be used immediately after opening or dilution . do not use methylthioninium chloride proveblue if the solution is discoloured , cloudy , turbid , or a precipitate or particles are present . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blisterfoil after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . storage by the pharmacist store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). storage by the patient store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ) until expiry . or store outside of the refrigerator at or below 30 for a period of not more than 3 months until expiry . after this period , the medicinal product should be disposed . store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicine via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the cartridge label and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . always keep the cartridge in the outer carton when you are not using it , in order to protect it from light . novomix 30 must be protected from excessive heat and light . before opening : novomix 30 penfill that is not being used must be stored in the refrigerator at 2 to 8 , away from the cooling element . do not freeze . before you use novomix 30 penfill , remove it from the refrigerator . it is recommended to resuspend the insulin as instructed every time you use a new novomix 30 penfill . see resuspension of novomix 30 in section 3 . during use or when carried as a spare : novomix 30 penfill that is being used or carried as a spare should not be kept in the refrigerator . you can carry it with you and keep it at room temperature ( below 30 ) for up to 4 weeks . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use topotecan hospira after the expiry date stated on the vial and carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . this medicine is for single use only . after opening , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , topotecan hospira can be used for up to 24 hours when stored in the fridge ( protected from light ) or at room temperature ( in normal daylight conditions ). if visible particles are observed , the medicine should not be administered . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children , preferably in a locked cupboard . accidental ingestion can be lethal for children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . tell your pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the capsules . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton or blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions if kept unopened in the original container . after reconstitution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 20 to 25ºc or at 2 to 8 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately after reconstitution and dilution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless reconstitution and dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not freeze .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton or bottle . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . hdpe bottle pack should be used within 30 days ( for 30 ' s count ) and 100 days ( for 200 ' s count ) after first opening . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the container label and infusion bag . store frozen in vapour phase of liquid nitrogen ≤ - 150 until thawed for use . do not refreeze . as this medicine will be given by qualified healthcare professionals , they are responsible for the correct disposal of the product . these measures will help protect the environment . this medicine contains genetically modified blood cells . local guidelines on handling biological waste should be followed for unused medicine or waste material .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the reconstituted solution should be transferred from the vial to the infusion bag immediately . after dilution , the infusion must be completed within 24 hours of preparation . the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , the solution for infusion may be stored in the refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) for up to 24 hours . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use mycamine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . the unopened vial does not require any special storage conditions . the reconstituted concentrate and the diluted infusion solution should be used immediately , because it does not contain any preservatives to prevent bacterial contamination . only a trained healthcare professional who has read the complete directions properly can prepare this medicine for use . do not use the diluted infusion solution if it is cloudy or precipitated . in order to protect the infusion bottle / bag containing the diluted infusion solution from light it should be inserted into a closable opaque bag . the vial is for single use only . therefore , please discard unused reconstituted concentrate immediately .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . throw away the bottle 4 weeks after first opening , to prevent infections . write the date of opening on the bottle and carton label in the space provided . do not throw away any medicines via waste water or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the ampoule , the foil sachet and the boxes after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . each ampoule is for single use only . once an ampoule is opened , the contents should be used immediately . any unused product must be thrown away . replace any unused , unopened ampoules from the strip back into the sachet to protect them from light . store in the original package in order to protect from light . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . once the concentrate has been diluted for infusion with 5 % glucose solution for injection or sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection , the solution should be used as soon as possible , but may be stored at ambient temperature ( 15 to 25 ) for up to 6 hours . the diluted solution for infusion can be stored in the refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) for no more than 24 hours prior to use . it must be protected from light , and it must not be frozen . do not throw away this medicine via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . do not put insulin human winthrop rapid next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . opened vials once in - use , the vial may be stored for a maximum of 4 weeks in the outer carton not above 25 and away from direct heat ( for example next to a heating unit ) or direct light ( direct sunlight or next to a lamp ). do not use the vial after this time period . it is recommended that the date of the first use be noted on the label . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
veraseal must be kept out of the sight and reach of children . this medicine must not be used after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . it must be stored in a freezer at - 18 ºc or colder . the cold storage chain must not be interrupted until use . keep the sterilized blister in the outer carton in order to protect from light . thaw completely before use . do not refreeze once thawed . after thawing , it can be maintained not more than 48 hours at 2 ºc - 8 ºc or 24 hours at room temperature ( 20 ºc - 25 ºc ) before use . once the blister is opened , veraseal should be used immediately . it must not be used if the solutions are cloudy or have deposits . discard if the package is damaged .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blisters and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture and only remove immediately before use . do not use any capsule that looks crushed , damaged or wet . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . the bottle of stocrin oral solution should be used within one month after first opening . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package . ovitrelle 250 micrograms solution for injection may be stored at room temperature ( at or below + 25 ) for up to 30 days without being refrigerated again during this period , and must be discarded if not used during these 30 days . do not throw away any medicine via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines no longer used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the sealed blister and in the outer carton in order to protect from light . prior to use , the unopened blister with the pre - filled syringe may be kept at room temperature ( below 25 ) for up to 24 hours .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . your doctor , pharmacist or nurse are responsible for storing azacitidine accord . they are also responsible for preparing and disposing of any unused azacitidine accord correctly . for unopened vials of this medicine there are no special storage conditions . when using immediately once the suspension has been prepared it should be administered within 60 minutes . when using later on if the azacitidine accord suspension is prepared using water for injections that has not been refrigerated , the suspension must be placed in the refrigerator ( 2 8 ) immediately after it is prepared and kept refrigerated for up to a maximum of 8 hours . if the azacitidine accord suspension is prepared using water for injections that has been stored in the refrigerator ( 2 8 ), the suspension must be placed in the refrigerator ( 2 8 ) immediately after it is prepared and kept refrigerated for up to a maximum of 22 hours . the suspension should be allowed up to 30 minutes prior to administration to reach room temperature ( 20 25 ). if large particles are present in the suspension it should be discarded .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after reconstitution (" when dissolved "), the solution must be used immediately .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use pheburane after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . after the first opening , pheburane can be used within 45 days . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ºc ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . your doctor must not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator at 2ºc - 8ºc . do not freeze . after reconstitution , immediate use of the medicine is recommended . reconstituted xiapex can be kept at ambient room temperature ( 20ºc - 25ºc ) for up to one hour or refrigerated at 2ºc - 8 ˚ c for up to 4 hours prior to administration . if refrigerated , the reconstituted solution must be allowed to return to ambient room temperature ( 20ºc - 25ºc ) for approximately 15 minutes before use . your doctor must not use xiapex if the reconstituted solution is discoloured or contains particles . the solution must be clear , colourless with no lumps or flakes or particles . your doctor will take care of storing , handling and disposing of xiapex . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this radiopharmaceutical . storing lumark is the responsibility of the specialist and will be done in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date and time which are stated on the label after exp . store in the original package to protect from radiation .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use enviage after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the tube and carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 ºc . do not freeze . once opened , use the tube within 1 year . keep the tube tightly closed . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store rasitrio tablets in the original package in order to protect from moisture and light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , blister and wrapper after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original aluminium foil wrapper in order to protect from light . use all the prolonged - release tablets within 45 days of opening the aluminium wrapping . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep the vials in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after dilution chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 72 hours at 25 and 2 ° to 8 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to the use are the responsibility of the user and would not normally be longer than 24 hours at 2 ° to 8 , unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice discoloration or visible particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . qutenza cutaneous patch : store flat in original sachet and carton . store below 25 . cleansing gel : store below 25 . after opening the sachet , qutenza should be applied within 2 hours . disposal of used and unused qutenza patches . these items may sting your fingers if you touch them . your doctor or nurse will put them in a polyethylene bag before safely discarding them . qutenza patches and treatment - related materials should be disposed of properly .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask you pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store the powder vial ( s ) in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ) in their carton ( s ) in order to protect from light . do not freeze . the carton ( s ) containing the somavert powder vial ( s ) may be stored at room temperature up to a maximum of 25 for a single period of up to 30 days . write the use by date on the carton including day / month / year ( up to 30 days from the date removed from the refrigerator ). the vial ( s ) must be protected from light . do not return this medicine to refrigerator . discard this medicine if not used by the new use by date or the expiry date printed on the carton , whichever is earlier . store the pre - filled syringe ( s ) below 30c or store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . after preparing the somavert solution it must be used immediately . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is cloudy or contains particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . vials must be stored and transported frozen at - 25ºc to - 15ºc . store in the original package in order to protect from light . once thawed , the medicinal product must be used immediately ; if not used immediately , the vials should be stored in a refrigerator at 2ºc to 8ºc , and protected from light for a maximum of 8 hours . if not stored in a refrigerator the medicinal product can be stored in syringes at not more than 25 , and protected from light for a maximum of 8 hours . this medicine contains genetically modified organisms and must be disposed of according to local rules for such medicines .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any exforge pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use this medicine if you notice any change in the appearance of the tablets . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a freezer (- 20 ). in order to protect from light , keep the vials in the outer carton . store up to three months in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) and do not freeze again . the reconstituted solution should be used immediately . however , if this is not possible it can be stored for up to 2 hours at a temperature of up to 25 . do not throw away any medicines or used needles via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to safely dispose medicines and used needles .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister , container or carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . hdpe bottles : use within 6 months after first opening . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and outer carton after " exp " ( expiry date ). the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . storage by the pharmacist store in a refrigerator ( 2ºc - 8 ). do not freeze . storage by the patient there are two options : 1 . store in a refrigerator ( 2ºc - 8 ). do not freeze . 2 . store at or below 25ºc for a period of not more than one month . make a note of when you start storing the product out of the refrigerator , and use it within one month of that date . keep the syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use elonva - if it has been stored out of the refrigerator for more than one month . - if it has been stored out of the refrigerator at a temperature of more than 25ºc . - if you notice that the solution is not clear . - if you notice that the syringe or the needle is damaged . do not throw away an empty or unused syringe via household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton / blister foil after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . do not use this medicine if you notice that the pack is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle . telzir does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children , preferably in a locked cupboard . accidental ingestion can be lethal for children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . bottle presentation do not store above 30 c . store in the original bottle in order to protect from moisture . keep the bottle tightly closed . sachet presentation do not store above 30 c tell your pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the capsules . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vial : store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the original carton in order to protect from light . reconstituted / diluted solution : use immediately or store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) and use within 24 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . the doctor or nurse will dispose of this medicine . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . this medicine is for single use only . after opening , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . if reconstitution and dilution are performed under strict aseptic conditions ( e . g . an laf bench ) the product should be used ( infusion completed ) within 24 hours if stored at 2ºc 8ºc after the first puncture of the vial . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for cytotoxic material .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . for short term travelling , the non - reconstituted product can be kept out of the refrigerator at or below 25 for a period up to four weeks before use . if the product is not used during this four - week period , it should be discarded . the solution should be used immediately after reconstitution . if not used immediately , it must be stored at 2 - 8 in the refrigerator and used within 24 hours . do not use viraferon after the expiry date which is stated on the package . do not use viraferon if you notice changes in the appearance of viraferon . any unused product must be discarded after withdrawal of the dose . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the blister and on the outer carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store the weekly carton containing 7 vials of oxervate in the fridge ( 2 - 8 ). after the vial adapter is connected to the vial , it can be stored in the fridge or below 25 . discard the used vial at the end of the day ( even if there is still some liquid left in it ), and in any case no later than 12 hours from the time you connected the vial adapter to it . the pipettes included in the delivery system are single - use only . each pipette should be discarded immediately after using , even if there is still some liquid left in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
this information is intended for doctors only . as this medicine will be given in a hospital , the hospital is responsible for the correct storage of the medicine before and during its use , as well as for its correct disposal . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer container and infusion bag labels . do not use this medicine if the infusion bag is damaged or leaking . store at < - 130 for up to 6 months . do not thaw the product until it is ready to be used . once thawed , keep at room temperature ( 20 - 25 ) and use within 2 hours . do not refreeze . this medicine contains genetically - modified human cells . unused medicine or waste material must be disposed of in compliance with the local guidelines on handling human - derived material .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the label and the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 ºc 8 ºc ). once in use , keep your pen below 25 ºc for 30 days . dispose of a used pen after 30 days , even if some medicine remains in the pen . replace the cap on the pen in order to protect from light . do not freeze . throw away any byetta pen that has been frozen . do not use this medicine if you notice particles in the solution , or if it is cloudy or coloured . do not store the pen with the needle attached . if the needle is left on , medicine may leak from the pen or air bubbles may form in the cartridge . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use the medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister packaging after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package until use to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label of the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringes in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after taking a syringe from the refrigerator , wait approximately 15 - 30 minutes to allow the erelzi solution in the syringe to reach room temperature . do not warm in any other way . immediate use is then recommended . erelzi may be stored outside of the refrigerator at temperatures up to a maximum of 25 for a single period of up to four weeks ; after which , it should not be refrigerated again . erelzi should be discarded if not used within four weeks after removal from the refrigerator . it is recommended that you record the date that erelzi is removed from the refrigerator and the date after which erelzi should be discarded ( no more than 4 weeks following the removal from the refrigerator ). inspect the solution in the syringe . it should be clear or slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellowish , and may contain small white or almost translucent particles of protein . this appearance is normal for erelzi . do not use the solution if it is discoloured , cloudy , or if particles other than those described above are present . if you are concerned with the appearance of the solution , then contact your pharmacist for assistance . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first use , the vial may be stored for up to 30 days at 2 to 8ºc . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister pack after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage precautions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton , bottle or blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package to protect from light . tablets hdpe bottles : discard any remaining tablets 30 days after first opening of the bottle . tablets hdpe bottles : discard any remaining tablets 100 days after first opening of the bottle . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children blister packs do not use xenical after the expiry date stated on the carton . do not store above 25 c . store in original package and keep the blister in the outer carton in order to protect from light and moisture . glass bottles do not use xenical after the expiry date stated on the bottle . do not store above 30 c . keep container tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . medicines should not be disposed via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the wallet card and the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use if you notice any damage or signs of tampering . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . at the end of your treatment you should return all unused capsules to the pharmacist or doctor . these measures will prevent misuse .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after the abbreviation exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . do not use equidacent if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not remove the capsule from its blister until you are ready to take it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or house hold waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated after exp on the carton and bottle . tivicay 10 mg film - coated tablets store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . keep the bottle tightly closed . do not remove the desiccant . do not swallow the desiccant . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . tivicay 25 mg and 50 mg film - coated tablets this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package , in order to protect from light and moisture . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). unopened sachet the shelf life of a sachet is 4 years . reconstituted suspension the suspension must be taken within 30 minutes after preparation . any remaining suspension must be discarded by your doctor or nurse according to local regulations . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . store in the original carton in order to protect from light . a single solymbic pre - filled syringe may be stored at temperatures up to a maximum of 25 for a period of up to 14 days . the pre - filled syringe must be protected from light , and discarded if not used within the 14 - day period . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and sachet after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . take each prepared dose immediately after preparation . discard the prepared dose if not taken within 24 hours of preparation if kept refrigerated ( 2 8 ), or within 3 hours at room temperature ( 15 - 30 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the vial may be left outside the refrigerator to reach room temperature ( up to 25 ) before injection . this will make the injection more comfortable . once your vial has been left to reach room temperature ( up to 25 ), it must be used within 30 days . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the medicine should be used immediately . if not used immediately , the reconstituted solution may be stored up to 24 hours at 2 to 8 . this medicine must not be used if the reconstituted solution contains opaque particles or is discoloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use quadramet after the expiry date which is stated on the label . quadramet expires 1 day from the activity reference time stated on the label . store at 10 to 20 in a freezer in its original packaging . quadramet should be used within 6 hours of thawing . after thawing , do not freeze again . the product label includes the appropriate storage conditions and the expiry date for the batch of product . hospital personnel will ensure that the product is stored correctly and not administered to you after the stated expiry date . storage procedures should be in accordance with national regulations for radioactive materials .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister pack after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage precautions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted solution : the powder should be reconstituted immediately prior to dilution and use . do not refrigerate . diluted solution : from a microbiological point of view , unless the method of reconstitution / dilution precludes the risk of microbiological contamination , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vial - store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). - store in the original carton in order to protect from light . - do not freeze . reconstituted solution - use immediately or store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) for up to 4 hours . - protect from light . - do not freeze . diluted solution - use immediately or store at room temperature ( 20 - 25 ) or in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). the maximum time from reconstitution through the end of administration should be ≤ 8 hours , with ≤ 4 hours between reconstitution and dilution . - protect from light . - do not freeze . this medicine should be inspected visually for particulate matter and discolouration prior to administration . if particles or discolouration are observed , do not use . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your doctor how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister pack after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blister packs do not store above 25 . hdpe bottles this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . shelf life after first opening of the container : 6 months do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store below 30 . store the medicine in the original package , in order to protect from light and moisture . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . after opening the bottle , use within 90 days . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any exforge hct pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the ampoule or the pouch or carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). if you don ' t have a refrigerator available ( such as when you are transporting your medicine ) you can store the carton with the medicine ( pouches opened or unopened ) below 25 for up to 4 weeks . if the product has been stored at room temperature for longer than 4 weeks , it has to be disposed according to local requirements . do not use this medicine if you notice that it has become cloudy , or if there are particles in the solution . never store an opened ampoule . once opened an ampoule should be used immediately , and any remaining product should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). you may take udenyca out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) for no longer than 72 hours . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( not above 30 ) it must either be used within 72 hours or disposed of . do not freeze . udenyca may be used if it is accidentally frozen for a single period of less than 24 hours . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer packaging . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30oc do not use this medicine if you notice any change in the appearance of the capsules . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the tube label and box after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator (+ 2 to + 8 ) at all times , ensuring the tube is in the box inside the child - resistant , transparent , sealable , plastic bag . do not use an opened or unopened tube of ledaga after 60 days of storage in the refrigerator . ask your pharmacist how to throw away used nitrile gloves , the plastic bag and the medicine you no longer use . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister , after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . refer to the storage conditions on the carton . if iscover is supplied in pvc / pvdc / aluminium blisters , store below 30 . if iscover is supplied in all aluminium blisters , it does not require any special storage conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice any visible sign of deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton or label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25c . bottles : after first opening use within 90 days . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not freeze . do not use posaconazole sp after the expiry date which is stated on the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . if you have any suspension left in a bottle more than four weeks after it was first opened , you should not use this medicine . please return the bottle containing any left over suspension to your pharmacist . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use celvapan after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze . after first opening the vial is to be used within a maximum of 3 hours . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist what to do with medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . - prior to use , the unopened vial may be kept at room temperature ( 25 ) for up to 24 hours . - keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . - do not use any pack that is damaged .
store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use clopidogrel acino pharma after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . 26 do not use clopidogrel acino pharma if you notice any visible sign of damage of blister or film - coated tablets . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze , discard any vial that has been frozen . if the dose you want to use is refrigerated , remove the vial from the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature before using it . alternatively , arikayce liposomal can be stored at room temperature below 25 , but only for up to 4 weeks . once at room temperature , any unused medicinal product must be discarded at the end of 4 weeks . this medicine is a milky white liquid in a clear vial . do not use if you notice change in colour or any small lumps floating in the vial . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated at ambient conditions ( less than 25 ). from a microbiological point of view , the diluted solution should be used immediately . do not use this medicine if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . the doctor or nurse will throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not use replagal if you notice that there is discolouration or other foreign particles present . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . information about storage and the time to use jetrea once it has been thawed are described in the section intended for healthcare professionals only . your ophthalmologist / doctor or pharmacist is responsible for storing this medicine and disposing of any unused solution correctly .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on labels and cartons . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store this medicine in the original package in order to protect from light . this medicine may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for up to 12 months when you keep it in its outer carton . if you store it at room temperature it expires after 12 months or at the expiry date if this is earlier . the new expiry date must be noted on the outer carton when the medicine is removed from the refrigerator . do not refrigerate the solution after reconstitution . the reconstituted solution must be used within 3 hours . this product is for single use only . any unused solution must be discarded . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles in the solution or if the solution is cloudy . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use levviax after the expiry date which is stated on the pack . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
inflectra will generally be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . the storage details should you need them are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). this medicine can also be stored in the original carton outside of refrigerated storage up to a maximum of 25 for a single period of up to six months , but not beyond the original expiry date . in this situation , do not return to refrigerated storage again . write the new expiry date on the carton including day / month / year . discard this medicine if not used by the new expiry date or the expiry date printed on the carton , whichever is earlier . it is recommended that when inflectra is prepared for infusion , it is used as soon as possible ( within 3 hours ). however , if the solution is prepared in germ - free conditions , it can be stored in a refrigerator at 2 8 up to 28 days and for an additional 24 hours at 25 after removal from the refrigerator . do not use this medicine if it is discoloured or if there are particles present .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use after the expiry date stated on the carton and on the label of the syringe after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . store in a refrigerator ( 2oc to 8oc ). keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not freeze . unopened pre - filled syringes may be kept un - refrigerated but below 25oc for a sinlge maximum period of 5 days . the 5 day period must end before the expiry date stated on the carton and label of the syringe after ' exp '. following 5 days storage at below 25oc the pre - filled syringes must be discarded . the solution is clear , colourless and waterlike with no visible particles . do not use it if it is cloudy or has visible particles . do not shake the syringe before use . discard the syringe after initial single use . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened bottle : store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). after opening the bottle : do not store above 25 . store in the original carton in order to protect from light . throw away the bottle 4 weeks after first opening to prevent infections and use a new bottle . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if you notice any defects , or any signs of deterioration of the tablets or packaging . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep tablets in the blister packaging until you take them . if you are using a pill organiser box , use the perforation to separate individual tablets from the blister without opening the packaging . throw away half tablets that you have not taken . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , blister or bottle after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blister : store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . bottle : once opened , the medicine must be used within 4 months . keep the bottle tightly closed . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer box or vial after " exp ". before reconstitution : store the vial in the refrigerator between 2 and 8 . after reconstitution : the solution can be used immediately or can be stored at 2 to 8 for up to 24 hours . do not freeze . the solution should be administered within one hour after removal from 2 to 8 storage . do not use this medicine if you notice that the powder has not fully dissolved or if the liquid contains easily visible particles , is cloudy or is distinctly brown . this medicine is for single use only . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not take this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and either the blister or the bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . if alecensa is packed in blisters , store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . if alecensa is packed in bottles , store in the original package and keep the bottle tightly closed to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store the capsules in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . do not remove from the blister until immediately before use . the inhaler in each pack should be disposed of after all capsules in that pack have been used . do not use this medicine if you notice that the pack is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage precautions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . chemical and physical in - use stability of reconstituted and infusion solutions of pemetrexed were demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 to 8 ( and 25 ). from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton or foil after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the packaging after ' exp .' the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . for bottles , after first opening use within 180 days this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use thelin after the expiry date which is stated on the blister pack , bottle or carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines you no longer require . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use tepadina after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label , after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . after reconstitution the product is stable for 8 hours when stored at 2 - 8 . after dilution the product is stable for 24 hours when stored at 2 - 8 and for 4 hours when stored at 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the packaging after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to 100 throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . the medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . ampoules of all parenteral solutions must be inspected visually for particulate matter prior to administration . after opening the ampoules , the medicinal product should be used immediately .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use the medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the pen after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . not in - use pens store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . do not put lusduna next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . keep the pre - filled pen in the outer carton in order to protect from light . in - use pens pre - filled pens in use or carried as a spare may be stored for a maximum of 28 days up to 30 and away from direct heat and direct light . the pen in use or carried as a spare must not be stored in the refrigerator . do not use it after this time period . remove the needle after the injection and store the pen without the needle . the pen cap must be put back on the pen after each injection in order to protect from light . also , be sure to remove the needle before disposing of the pen . needles must not be re - used . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , blister or bottle label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . " lot ", which is printed on the carton , refers to the batch number . for al / al blisters and hdpe tablet container this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . for al / pvc / pvdc blister do not store above 30ºc . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the label / blister / carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . alternative storage : when needed ( for example , when you are travelling ), a single humira pre - filled syringe may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a maximum period of 14 days be sure to protect it from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , the syringe must be used within 14 days or discarded , even if it is returned to the refrigerator . you should record the date when the syringe is first removed from refrigerator and the date after which it should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your doctor or pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vial : store in a refrigerator ( 2ºc - 8ºc ). do not freeze . store it in the original carton in order to protect from light reconstituted / diluted solution : use immediately or store in a refrigerator ( 2ºc - 8ºc ) and use within 4 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice signs of deterioration , such as particulate matter or discolouration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). use the reconstituted solution ( solution you prepared by adding water for injection to the viraferonpeg powder ) immediately or within 24 hours when stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not use this medicine if you notice discolouration of the powder , which should be white . the reconstituted solution should be clear and colourless . do not use if it is discoloured or if bits of particles are present . viraferonpeg vials are for single use only . discard any unused material . do not throw away medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the packaging after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blister store in the original package in order to protect from moisture and light . bottle before opening : this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . after opening : do not store above 25 . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . after first opening of the bottle , the medicinal product should be used within 2 months . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . do not use this medicine if you notice any damage to the capsules , blister or carton or any visible signs of deterioration in the medicine . return the pack to your pharmacist . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
this information is intended for doctors only . as this medicine will be given by a qualified doctor , they are responsible for the correct storage of the medicine before and during its use , as well as for its correct disposal . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer container label ( s ) and infusion bag label ( s ). store at ≤- 140 for up to a year . do not thaw the product until it is ready to be used . once thawed store at room temperature ( 20 - 25 ) and use within 4 hours . this medicine contains genetically - modified cells . unused medicine must be disposed of in compliance with the local guidelines on handling human - derived material .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the vial and the carton after exp . do not store above 25 . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . from a microbiological point of view , the reconstituted solution should be used immediately after preparation . if the reconstituted solution is not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . however , the reconstituted solution is stable for 8 hours at 25 stored in the original vial and / or a syringe , with a total storage time for the reconstituted medicine not exceeding 8 hours prior to administration . bortezomib sun is for single use only . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use vistide after the expiry date which is stated on the label . do not store above 30 . do not refrigerate or freeze . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use insulin lispro sanofi after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before the first use store your medicine in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . keep your vial in use at room temperature ( below 30 ) and dispose of after 4 weeks . do not store the vial in a refrigerator . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use insulin lispro sanofi if it is coloured or it has solid pieces in it . you must use it only if it looks like water . check this each time you inject yourself . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use foclivia after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . discard if the vaccine has been frozen . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use glidipion after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister pack after the word " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage precautions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the container . the first 2 numbers indicate the month ; the next 4 numbers indicate the year . do not store above 25c
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use after the expiry date stated on the label and carton . do not store above 30 . store in the original container . the mixed solution can be stored for up to 6 hours in a refrigerator .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . inomax therapy should only be used and handled by hospital personnel . inomax cylinders should be stored secured in order to avoid falling and thus potentially causing harm . inomax should be used and administered only by personnel specially trained in the use and handling of inomax . all regulations concerning handling of pressurised gas cylinders must be followed . storage is supervised by the specialists at the hospital . gas cylinders are to be stored in well - ventilated rooms or in ventilated sheds where they are protected from rain and direct sunlight . protect the gas cylinders from shocks , falls , oxidising and flammable materials , moisture , sources of heat or ignition . storage in the pharmacy department the gas cylinders should be stored in an airy , clean and locked place , for storage of medicinal gas only . inside this place , a separate premise should be dedicated to the storage of nitric oxide gas cylinders . storage in the medical department the gas cylinder should be put in an equipped site with appropriate material in order to hold the cylinder vertically . when the gas cylinder is empty , do not discard . empty gas cylinders will be collected by the supplier .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . do not use vokanamet if the packaging is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the label . store in the original package ( sealed plastic tray ) in order to protect from light . store in a refrigerator ( between 2 and 8 ). do not freeze . avonex can also be stored at room temperature ( between 15 and 30 ) for up to one week . do not use avonex if you notice : - the pre - filled syringe is broken . - the sealed plastic tray is damaged or opened . - the solution is coloured or you can see particles floating in it . - the tamper evident cap has been broken . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . the syringe can be removed from the refrigerator and left at room temperature ( not above 25 ) for a single period , that ends within the labelled expiry date , of up to a maximum of 15 days . at the end of this period , the product should not be put back in the refrigerator and should be disposed of . keep the pre - filled syringe in the carton in order to protect from light . do not use accofil if you notice it is cloudy , or there is discoloration or there are particles in it . do not put the cover back on used needles , as you may accidentally prick yourself . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - store in the original package in order to protect from light . only open the pack when you need a new syringe . - store in a refrigerator ( fridge ) 2º - 8 ºc . - do not freeze . throw away any plegridy that is accidentally frozen . - plegridy can be kept outside a fridge at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for up to 30 days but it must be kept away from light . - packs can be taken out of the fridge and then put back in a fridge more than once if you need to . - make sure the time the syringes spend out of a fridge is no more than 30 days in total . - throw away any syringe that is kept out of the fridge for more than 30 days . - if you are unsure of the number of days you have kept a syringe out of the fridge , throw the syringe away . - do not use this medicine if you notice any of the following : - if the syringe is broken . - if the solution is coloured , cloudy or you can see particles floating in it . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after " exp ." the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials : store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . any unused medicinal product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . remove your onduarp tablet from the blister only directly prior to intake . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the syringe label and on the outer carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . do not push to the back panel of the fridge . store in the original packaging in order to protect from light . taltz can be left out of the fridge for up to 5 days at a temperature not above 30 ºc . do not use this medicine if you notice that the syringe is damaged , or the medicine is cloudy , distinctly brown , or has particles in it . this medicine is for single use only . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . for aluminium - aluminium blisters : 54 this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . for pvc / pvdc - aluminium blisters : do not store above 30 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). you may take ziextenzo out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 35 ) for no longer than 120 hours . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( not above 35 ) it must either be used within 120 hours or disposed of . do not freeze . ziextenzo may be used if it is accidentally frozen for a single period of less than 24 hours . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the label and carton . do not store above 25 . do not freeze . the reconstituted product should preferably be used immediately . if the reconstituted product is not administered immediately , storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the the user and should not exceed 24 hours at 2 to 8 . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated after ' exp ' on the carton and on the vial and the pre - filled syringe labels . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . before the novoeight powder is reconstituted it may be kept at : room temperature (≤ 30 ) for a single period no longer than 9 months or above room temperature ( 30 up to 40 ) for a single period no longer than 3 months . once the product has been taken out of the refrigerator , the product must not be returned to the refrigerator . please record the beginning of storage and the storage temperature on the product carton . once you have reconstituted novoeight it should be used right away . if you cannot use the reconstituted novoeight solution immediately , it should be used within : 24 hours stored at 2 8 51 4 hours stored at ≤ 30 , for product which has been kept for a single period no longer than 9 months at room temperature (≤ 30 ) 4 hours stored up to 40 , for product which has been kept for a single period no longer than 3 months at above room temperature ( 30 up to 40 ). store the reconstituted product in the vial . if not used straight away the medicine may no longer be sterile and could cause infection . do not store the solution without your doctor ' s advice . the powder in the vial appears as a white or slightly yellow powder . do not use the powder if the colour has changed . the reconstituted solution will be clear to slightly opalescent . do not use this medicine if you notice that it is cloudy or contains visible particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any xiliarx pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use sprimeo after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the vial label after exp . because the solution contains no preservative , you must use / infuse it as soon as possible after opening the vial . do not store above 25 . do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your healthcare professional how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use saxenda after the expiry date which is stated on the pen label and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before first use : store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep away from the freezer compartment . once you start using the pen : you can keep the pen for 1 month when stored at a temperature below 30 or in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep away from the freezer compartment . when you are not using the pen , keep the pen cap on in order to protect it from light . do not use this medicine if the solution is not clear and colourless or almost colourless . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . the first 2 numbers indicate the month ; the next 4 numbers indicate the year . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). the reconstituted and diluted solution is stable for 24 hours at 25c . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not freeze . keep in the outer carton in order to protect from light . before first use store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). after first use do not store above 30 . discard after 28 days even if some of the solution remains . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle or blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store the bottles above 30 . there are no special storage conditions for capsules packed in blisters . do not use this medicine without advice of your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the hard capsules . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . for aluminium - aluminium blisters this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . for pvc / pvdc - aluminium blisters do not store above 30 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use docefrez after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2ºc - 8ºc ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the reconstituted solution should be used immediately after preparation . chemical and physical in - use stability of the reconstituted solution has been demonstrated for 8 hours when stored either between 2 and 8 or below 25 and for the final solution for infusion for 4 hours at room temperature . the infusion should be used within 4 hours below 25 ºc . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blister : store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . bottle : keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
phesgo will be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . the storage details are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the vial after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . once the vial is open , use the solution immediately . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles in the liquid or it is the wrong colour ( see section 6 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use regranex after the expiry date , which is stated on the tube and the outer carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last date of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . close the tube tightly after each use . use within 6 weeks after opening the seal of the tube . please record the date of opening on the tube label . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label , solvent ampoule and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . powder vial and solvent ampoule : store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). the unopened vials may also be stored outside the refrigerator but below 25 for up to 28 days . use this medicine immediately after preparation . if not used immediately , the prepared solution must be stored at 2 - 8 and used within 8 hours . do not prepare more than one dose at a time . do not use this medicine if you notice that the package has been tampered with . do not use this medicine if it has been stored outside a refrigerator for more than 28 days . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use mabcampath after the expiry date ( exp ) which is stated on the outer carton and the ampoule label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). do not freeze . store in the original packaging in order to protect from light . mabcampath should be used within 8 hours after dilution . during that time the solution may be stored at 15 - 30 or refrigerated . do not use mabcampath if you notice any signs of particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . your healthcare professional will dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pen label and carton , after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before first use store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep away from the freezing element . keep the cap on the pen in order to protect it from light . after first opening or if carried as a spare you can carry your tresiba pre - filled pen ( flextouch ) with you and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) or in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ) for up to 8 weeks . always keep the cap on the pen when you are not using it in order to protect it from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
imfinzi will be given to you in a hospital or clinic and the healthcare professional will be responsible for its storage . the storage details are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use if this medicine is cloudy , discoloured or contains visible particles . do not store any unused portion of the infusion solution for re - use . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store ofev above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use this medicine if you notice that the blister containing the capsules is opened or a capsule is broken . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use ipreziv after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . store ipreziv in the original package in order to protect it from light and moisture . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
your doctor , pharmacist or nurse knows how to store zometa properly ( see section 6 ).
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze . freezing destroys the vaccine . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines your child no longer uses . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before opening : store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first opening : write down the date you opened the vial in the space on the carton . cystadrops can be used for up to 7 days from the time of opening . keep the dropper bottle tightly closed in the outer carton in order to protect from light . store below 25 . do not refrigerate . you must throw away the dropper bottle 7 days after you first opened it even if it is not empty . use a new vial . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not take this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the package after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . do not use this medicine if you notice the blister is open . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children do not use duloxetine boehringer ingelheim after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . store in the original package . do not store above 30 .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the cartridge label and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . always keep the cartridge in the outer carton when you are not using it in order to protect it from light . levemir must be protected from excessive heat and light . before opening : levemir penfill that is not being used is to be stored in the refrigerator at 2 to 8 , away from the cooling element . do not freeze . during use or when carried as a spare : levemir penfill that is being used or carried as a spare should not be kept in the refrigerator . you can carry it with you and keep it at room temperature ( below 30 ) for up to 6 weeks . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
flixabi will be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . the storage details should you need them are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). this medicine can also be stored in the original carton outside of refrigerated storage up to a maximum of 25 for a single period of up to six months . in this situation , do not return to refrigerated storage again . write the new expiry date on the carton including day / month / year . discard this medicine if not used by the new expiry date or the expiry date printed on the carton , whichever is earlier . it is recommended that when flixabi is prepared for infusion , it is used as soon as possible ( within 3 hours ). however , if the solution is prepared in germ - free conditions , it can be stored in the 57 refrigerator at 2 to 8 up to 34 days and for an additional 24 hours at 25 after removal from refrigeration . do not use this medicine if it is discoloured or if there are particles present .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the cartridge after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened cartridges store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . do not put abasaglar next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . keep the cartridge in the outer carton in order to protect from light . in - use cartridges cartridges in use ( in the insulin pen ) or carried as a spare may be stored for a maximum of 28 days up to 30 and away from direct heat or direct light . the cartridge in use must not be stored in a refrigerator . do not use it after this time period . do not use abasaglar if you notice particles in it . only use abasaglar if the solution is clear , colourless and water like . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the vial and the carton after exp . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . intravenous administration : the reconstituted solution is stable for 3 days at 20 - 25 stored in the original vial and / or a syringe . from a microbiological point of view , unless the method of opening / reconstitution / dilution precludes the risk of microbial contamination , the reconstituted solution should be used immediately after preparation . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . subcutaneous administration : the reconstituted solution is stable for 8 hours at 20 - 25 stored in the original vial and / or a syringe . from a microbiological point of view , unless the method of opening / reconstitution / dilution precludes the risk of microbial contamination , the reconstituted solution should be used immediately after preparation . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . bortezomib accord is for single use only . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date that is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store powder and solvent below 25 . store powder and solvent protected from light . do not freeze . use novoseven at once after mixing the powder with the solvent to avoid infection . if you cannot use it immediately , after it has been mixed , you should store it in the vial with the vial adapter and syringe still attached in a refrigerator at 2 to 8 for no longer than 24 hours . do not freeze the mixed novoseven solution and keep it protected from light . do not store the solution without advice from your doctor or nurse . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original container in order to protect from light . from time of preparation by diluting in an intravenous bag , libtayo can be stored before use for no more than 8 hours at temperatures up to 25 , and no more than 24 hours in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). if refrigerated , the vials and / or intravenous bags must be allowed to reach room temperature prior to use . do not store any unused portion of the infusion solution for re - use . any unused portion of the infusion solution should not be re - used and should be disposed in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not store above 25 . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the label after exp . sachets should not be re - used once opened . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . store in the original package . do not use trazec after the expiry date stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use any trazec pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not store above 30 . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the carton , bottle or blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . after first opening of the bottle the chewable tablets can be used for 90 days . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store below 30 . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and tube after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this product is for single use only and once opened , the product should be used immediately . discard the tube after first use . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . do not refrigerate or freeze . avoid exposure to excessive heat . store in the original container . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away any medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the spray container label and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . do not freeze . you must throw away the container 12 weeks after you first use it . the metal container is pressurised . do not puncture , break or burn it even when apparently empty . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a freezer ( at - 20 +/- 5 or - 50 +/- 10 or - 80 +/- 10 ). expiry date depends on storage temperature . do not refreeze the vaccine once thawed . after thawing , the vaccine should be used immediately or if previously stored at - 20 +/- 5 , the vaccine can be stored at 28 in the dark for up to 8 weeks prior to use . store in the original package to protect from light .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials : - store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). - do not freeze . - store in the original carton in order to protect from light . reconstituted solution ( blincyto solution ): - when refrigerated , the reconstituted solution must be used within 24 hours . alternatively the vials can be stored at room temperature ( up to 27 ) for up to 4 hours . diluted solution ( prepared infusion bag ): if your infusion bag is changed at home : - infusion bags containing blincyto solution for infusion will arrive in special packaging containing cooling packs . do not open the package . store the package at room temperature ( up to 27 ). do not refrigerate or freeze the package . - the package will be opened by your nurse and the infusion bags will be stored in a refrigerator until infusion . - when refrigerated , the infusion bags must be used within 10 days of preparation . - once at room temperature ( up to 27 ) the solution will be infused within 96 hours . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle label and outer carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . use within 3 months after first opening the bottle . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not use if the capsules become sticky or wet . after opening the bottle , store in a refrigerator ( 2ºc - 8ºc ). do not freeze . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
kyprolis will be stored in the pharmacy . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use kyprolis after the expiry date printed on the vial and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original carton in order to protect from light . the reconstituted product should be a clear , colourless to slightly yellow solution and should not be administered if any discolouration or particulate matter is observed . kyprolis is for single use only . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister packaging after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . - store in the original package in order to protect from light . - this medicine may pose a risk to the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
this medicine will be stored by your doctor or health care professional . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 8 ). keep the vial and ampoule in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after reconstitution and dilution after reconstitution carmustine obvius is stable for 3 hours , stored in a glass container and protected from light . the solution should be administered within 3 hours after reconstitution and dilution of the product . the solution should be protected from light until the end of administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only . do not use this medicine after the expiry date and time , which are stated on the label after ' exp '. do not use this medicine if you notice that the vial is damaged or the solution contains particulate matter or appears discoloured .
do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . vials will be transported frozen ( at or below - 60ºc ). upon receipt vials should be refrigerated at 2 to 8 immediately , and in the original carton . zolgensma therapy should be initiated within 14 days of receipt of vials .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . after preparation , the suspension should be taken immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2c - 8c ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use avandia after the expiry date shown on the pack . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . if you have any unwanted tablets , don ' t put them in waste water or household rubbish . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of tablets you don ' t need . this will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the syringe label and on the outer carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton to protect the medicine from light . this medicine may be removed from the refrigerator and stored at a temperature below 25 for a maximum period of up to 24 hours . the medicine must be discarded if it has been out of the refrigerator for longer than 24 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice that the outer carton has been tampered with , the syringe is damaged , or the medicine is cloudy , discoloured , or contains particles . the syringe is for single use only . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial after exp - store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze - keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light - within its shelf - life , neurobloc may be removed from the refrigerator for a single period of up to 3 months at a temperature not above 25oc . at the end of this period , the product should not be put back in the refrigerator and should be disposed of - the date at which the medicine was taken out from the refrigerator will be put on the outer carton - if the medicine is diluted , the doctor will use it immediately - before using the medicine the doctor will check that the solution is clear and colourless / light yellow . if there are any visible signs of deterioration , the medicine should not be used , but discarded - any unused solution should be discarded - due to the special nature of neurobloc , the doctor will ensure that all used vials , needles and syringes must be processed as medical biohazardous waste in accordance with local requirements
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the blister and on the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this product does not require any special storage conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice any damage or signs of tampering to the pack . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . please return unused medicines to your pharmacist . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . for storage conditions after reconstitution of the medicine , see the information below for healthcare professionals . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine will be stored in the healthcare facility where it is administered . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the reconstituted solution should be transferred from the vial to the infusion bag or bottle immediately . after dilution , and from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , the solution for infusion may be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) for up to 24 hours . the solution for infusion may be stored for a maximum of 4 hours of the total 24 hours below 25 . do not freeze . the nulojix infusion must be completed within 24 hours of reconstitution of the powder . do not use nulojix if you notice any particles or discolouration in the reconstituted or diluted solution . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . during the shelf life the powder vial may be kept at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period not exceeding 6 months . in this case , this medicine expires at the end of this 6 month period or the expiration date printed on the product vial , whichever is earlier . please record the end of the 6 months storage at room temperature on the product carton . the product may not be returned to refrigerated storage after storage at room temperature . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . this product is for single use only . discard any unused solution appropriately . use the product immediately once the powder is completely dissolved . do not refrigerate the solution after preparation . do not throw away any medicines via waste water or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the vials after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 ° c . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice any visible signs of deterioration , such as discolouration of the powder or damage to the container . the medicine should be administered immediately after dissolving the powder . the solution should not be administered if it contains particles or is not clear . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use acomplia after the expiry date which is stated on the outer packaging after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . after dilution chemical and physical in - use stability after dilution in 0 . 9 % sodium chloride or 5 % glucose solution has been demonstrated for 36 hours at 25 and 2 to 8 . from a microbiological point of view , the solution for infusion should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 ° c to 8 unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic condition . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear or contains particles .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep the ampoules or vials in the outer carton in order to protect from light .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . keep this medicine in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . keep the syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not refrigerate or freeze . the medicine should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . do not use the solution if it is discoloured or particulate matter is present . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any neparvis pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines 51 you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the syringe can be removed from the refrigerator and left at room temperature for a single period of maximum 3 days ( but not above 25 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . do not freeze . after dilution the solution should be used within 8 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice any visible change in the appearance of the solution . the inhixa pre - filled syringes are for single dose use only . discard any unused medicine . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 1 to 10 ). do not freeze . do not irradiate . do not open the outer packaging before use to prevent microbial contamination .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not use this medicine if the package is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister , container or carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . hdpe bottles : use within 6 months after first opening . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial , the cardboard box and the carton after exp . do not store above 25 . for the purpose of ambulatory use , cyanokit may be exposed during short periods to the temperature variations of usual transport ( 15 days submitted to temperatures ranging from 5 to 40 ) transport in the desert ( 4 days submitted to temperatures ranging from 5 to 60 ) and freezing / defrosting cycles ( 15 days submitted to temperatures ranging from - 20 to 40 ). for storage conditions of the reconstituted medicine , see ' handling instructions ' at the end of this package leaflet . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines no longer used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . sachets should not be re - used once opened . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials : store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use vimizim if the solution is discoloured or it contains visible particles . after dilution : once the product has been diluted it should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and should normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2oc 8oc followed by up to 24 hours at 23oc 27oc during administration . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . you should store your medicine in the original package in order to protect the tablets from moisture . remove your kinzalkomb tablet from the blister only directly prior to intake . occasionally , the outer layer of the blister pack separates from the inner layer between the blister pockets . you do not need to take any action if this happens . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pack . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . do not freeze . after preparing the solution you should use it immediately . however , if you are not able to do so , it will be suitable for use for 3 hours , if kept at 2 - 8 ( in a refrigerator ). do not use betaferon if you notice it contains particles or is discoloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or place next to the freezer or a freezer pack . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . opened vials 43 once in use , the 5 ml vial may be stored for a maximum of 4 weeks in the outer carton not above 25 and away from direct heat or direct light . once in use , the 10 ml vial may be stored for a maximum of 4 weeks in the outer carton not above 30 and away from direct heat or direct light . do not use it after this time period . it is recommended that the date of the first use be noted on the label . do not use lantus if you notice particles in it . only use lantus if the solution is clear , colourless and waterlike . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the pen after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before first use store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or place next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . keep the pen in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first use or if carried as a spare the pen may be stored for a maximum of 28 days out of the refrigerator , but below 25 . discard the pen after this period . do not return the pen to a refrigerator and do not freeze . store the pen away from direct heat or direct light . always keep the cap on the pen when you are not using it in order to protect it from light . do not leave the pen in a car on an exceptionally warm or cold day . do not store the pen with the needle attached . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use nexobrid after the expiry date which is stated on the label of the vial , bottle , and box after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2c - 8c ). nexobrid must be stored upright to keep the gel at the bottom of the bottle and in the original package to protect from light . do not freeze . nexobrid should be used within 15 minutes after mixing the powder with the gel . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , powder vial label , and solvent bottle label after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . keep the powder vials and solvent bottles in the outer carton in order to protect from light .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use trixeo aerosphere after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , pouch and pressurised container after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . after opening the pouch , the inhaler must be used within : 6 weeks for an inhaler that contains 56 puffs 3 months for an inhaler than contains 120 puffs . keep the inhaler inside the sealed pouch only remove the inhaler from the sealed pouch immediately before first use . on the day the pouch is opened , write the date on the inhaler label in the space provided . do not store above 30oc . store in a dry place . for best results , the inhaler should be at room temperature before you use it . do not break , puncture or burn the pressurised container , even when apparently empty . do not use or store near heat or open flames . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . your doctor , pharmacist or nurse are responsible for storing azacitidine celgene . they are also responsible for preparing and disposing of any unused azacitidine celgene correctly . for unopened vials of this medicine there are no special storage conditions . when using immediately once the suspension has been prepared it should be administered within 45 minutes . when using later on if the azacitidine celgene suspension is prepared using water for injections that has not been refrigerated , the suspension must be placed in the refrigerator ( 2 8 ) immediately after it is prepared and kept refrigerated for up to a maximum of 8 hours . if the azacitidine celgene suspension is prepared using water for injections that has been stored in the refrigerator ( 2 8 ), the suspension must be placed in the refrigerator ( 2 8 ) immediately after it is prepared and kept refrigerated for up to a maximum of 22 hours . the suspension should be allowed up to 30 minutes prior to administration to reach room temperature ( 20 25 ). if large particles are present in the suspension it should be discarded .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and pre - filled syringe label after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . you may remove your mircera pre - filled syringe from the refrigerator and store it at a room temperature not above 30 for a single period of one month . during this period when you have stored mircera at a room temperature not above 30 you may not put mircera back in the refrigerator before use . once you have removed your medicine from the refrigerator you must use it within this period of one month . only solutions which are clear , colourless to slightly yellowish and free of visible particles must be injected . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pen in the outer carton in order to protect from light . if needed , individual pre - filled pens may be kept outside the refrigerator below 25 for a maximum of 30 days . protect from light . after removal from the refrigerator , praluent must be used within 30 days or discarded . do not use this medicine if it looks discoloured or cloudy , or if it contains visible flakes or particles . after use put the pen into a puncture - resistant container . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse how to throw away the container . do not recycle the container . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any imprida pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label of the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the product in the original carton in order to protect from light until the time of use . do not shake . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . after taking a pre - filled syringe from the refrigerator , wait approximately 30 minutes to allow the ilumetri solution in the syringe to reach room temperature ( up to 25ºc ). do not warm in any other way . do not use if the liquid contains visible particles , is cloudy or is distinctly brown . once taken out of the refrigerator , do not store tildrakizumab above 25ºc or refrigerate it again . write down the date of removal from the refrigerator in the space provided on the outer carton and appropriate discard date . use the syringe within 30 days after taking it out of the refrigerator or by the expiry date whichever occurs first . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date , which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . pecfent could be life - threatening if taken by a child by accident . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store pecfent above 25 . do not freeze . keep the bottle in its child resistant container in order to protect from light . store the pecfent bottle in the child resistant container at all times , even when finished . do not use for more than 60 days after first use ( either priming or using to treat a breakthrough pain episode ). pecfent that has passed the expiry date or is no longer required may still contain enough medicine to be harmful to other people , especially children . pecfent should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . any unwanted pecfent should be disposed of as soon as possible following the instructions under disposal of unused pecfent . any empty bottles should be returned to their child resistant container and discarded by taking them back to the pharmacy or according to local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions prior to reconstitution . it is recommended that dynastat is used as soon as possible after it is mixed with solvent , although it may be stored if the instructions at the end of the leaflet are strictly followed . the injection solution should be a clear colourless liquid . if there are particles in the injection solution or if either the powder or solution is discoloured , the solution will not be used .
before the first use store your humalog in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . keep your vial in use in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ) or at room temperature up to 30 and discard after 28 days . do not put it near heat or in the sun . keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if you notice it is coloured or it has solid pieces in it . you must use it only if it looks like water . check this each time you inject yourself . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after exp . do not store above 30 . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , blister or bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . after first opening of the bottle , the tablets can be stored for 6 months . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . storage conditions of the unopened product store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . shelf - life after reconstitution with solvent after preparation , the product must be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the cartridge after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the cartridge in the outer carton in order to protect from light . you can use terrosa for up to 28 days after the first injection , as long as the cartridge / pen with the cartridge inserted is stored in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). avoid placing the cartridge close to the ice compartment of the refrigerator to prevent freezing . do not use terrosa if it is , or has been , frozen . each cartridge should be properly disposed of after 28 days of first use , even if it is not completely empty . terrosa contains a clear and colourless solution . do not use terrosa if solid particles appear or if the solution is cloudy or coloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle / blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blisters : this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . bottles : once opened , use within 4 months . keep the container tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister label and carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in original blister or bottle with the lid tightly closed to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the cartridge and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before mixing store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the cartridge within its cartridge holder in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after mixing store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pen containing a mixed cartridge tightly closed in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine for more than 14 days after it has been mixed . do not use this medicine if it has not been stored correctly . before attaching a new needle to your natpar pen , check that the solution is clear and colourless . it is common to see small bubbles . do not use this medicine if it has become cloudy , coloured , or contains visible particles . do not throw away any medicines via household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children do not use this medicine after the expiry date ( exp ) stated on the package and the vial . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). keep the vial in the outer package in order to protect from light . however , protection of integrilin solution from light is not necessary during administration . before using , the vial contents should be inspected . integrilin should not be used if it is noticed that particulate matter or discoloration is present . any unused medicine after opening should be thrown away . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your hospital pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the label after exp : the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . this medicine must be used within 2 months of first opening the bottle . sialanar should not be used if the packaging has been opened or damaged . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2ºc - 8ºc ). infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . do not use herzuma if you notice any particulate matter or discoloration prior to administration . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . before the first use store your insulin aspart sanofi in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the cartridge in the outer carton in order to protect from light . keep your cartridge in use at room temperature ( below 30 ) for a maximum of 4 weeks . do not put it near heat or in the sun . do not keep your pen with the inserted cartridge you are using in the fridge . the pen with the inserted cartridge should not be stored with the needle attached . keep the pen cap on the pen to protect it from light . do not use insulin aspart sanofi , if it is coloured or it has solid pieces in it . you must use it only if it looks like water . check this each time you inject yourself . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
the following information is intended for doctors only . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the infusion bag label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport below - 120 . do not thaw the product until it is ready to be used . do not use this medicine if the infusion bag is damaged or leaking . this medicine contains genetically - modified blood cells . local guidelines on handling of biological waste should be followed for unused medicine or waste material .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , bottle or blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . al / al blisters : store in the original package in order to protect from light . hdpe tablet container : keep the container tightly closed in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister or label and on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . hdpe bottle pack should be used within 30 days after first opening . ( for 30 ' s count ) hdpe bottle pack should be used within 100 days after first opening . ( for 100 ' s count ) do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and bottle label after " exp '' keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the syringe label and outer carton after ' exp '. store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringes in the original carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if the liquid is cloudy or contains flakes or large particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after dilution , it is preferable to use the diluted medicine immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . the total time between dilution , storage in a refrigerator at 2 8 and end of administration must not exceed 24 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles or discoloration in the solution . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater ( or household waste ). ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . do not shake . keep the vials in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if the solutions are cloudy or have particles or deposits . after opening , dispose of any unused solutions in the vials . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). once opened , erbitux is intended for immediate use .
the pain - relieving medicine in effentora is very strong and could be life - threatening if taken accidentally by a child . this medicine must be kept out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry / use before date which is stated on the blister package label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after reconstitution and infusion : chemical and physical in - use stability of reconstituted solutions of pemetrexed sandoz has been demonstrated for 4 days at 2 to 8 and for 4 days below 25 . chemical and physical in - use stability of infusion solutions of pemetrexed sandoz has been demonstrated for 4 days at 2 to 8 and for 2 days below 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless reconstitution / dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice particles or a discolouration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measurements will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only : - keep out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use after the expiry date which is stated on the box , shield label and vial label after exp . - this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . - any unused medicinal product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30ºc . keep the blisters in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not store above 30 . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - do not store above 30 . - do not freeze . - keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . - do not refrigerate the solution after preparation . - use the reconstituted product within 3 hours to avoid the risk of microbial contamination because the product does not contain preservatives . - this medicine is for single use only . discard any unused solution appropriately . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . the following information about storage , expiry and use and handling is intended for healthcare professionals . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in freezer at - 90 to - 60 . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after thawing , the vaccine should be diluted and used immediately . however , in - use stability data have demonstrated that once removed from freezer , the undiluted vaccine can be stored for up to 5 days at 2 to 8 , or up to 2 hours at temperatures up to 30 , prior to use . after dilution , store the vaccine at 2 to 30 and use within 6 hours . discard any unused vaccine . once removed from the freezer and diluted , the vials should be marked with the new discard date and time . once thawed , the vaccine cannot be re - frozen . do not use this vaccine if you notice particulates in the dilution or discolouration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
buvidal is for administration of healthcare professionals only . take - home use or self - administration of the product by patients is not allowed . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton or the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not refrigerate or freeze . do not use this medicine if you notice visible particles or if it is cloudy . buvidal is for single use only . any used syringe should be discarded .
keep crysvita out of the sight and reach of children . do not use crysvita after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use crysvita if it contains visible particles . any unused medicinal product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister foil after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label of your inhaler after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 oc . keep the mouthpiece cover closed after removal of the foil wrapping . use within 3 months of removing from the foil wrapping . use the label on the inhaler to write down the opening date of the foil pouch . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2ºc - 8ºc ). information on in - use stability of the reconstituted and diluted solutions is included in the section for medical and healthcare professionals . do not use this medicine if you notice visible particles after the reconstitution or dilution of the medicine . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for cytotoxic medicines .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pen and the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store pens and needles in the original carton until use . store in a refrigerator ( between 2c and 8c ). do not freeze . the medicine can be stored at room temperature ( less than 30c ) for no more than a total of 4 weeks before use . after this time , pens should be used or thrown away . after the powder and liquid are mixed within the pen , the pen should be used within 8 hours . use the pen immediately after you have attached and primed the needle otherwise the solution can dry up inside the needle and block it . use each pen only once . after you have used the pen , do not remove the needle . dispose of the pen as instructed by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use tekturna after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use aflunov after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not throw any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the cardboard box and bottle after exp :. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use after 7 months of first opening the bottle . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial ( the first two numbers are the month ; the next four numbers are the year ). the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c to 8c ). once cancidas has been prepared , it should be used straight away . this is because it does not contain any ingredients to stop the growth of bacteria . only a trained healthcare professional who has read the complete directions should prepare the medicine ( please see below " instructions of how to reconstitute and dilute cancidas "). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister , after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . refer to the storage conditions on the carton . if clopidogrel apotex is supplied in pvc / pe / pvdc / aluminium blisters , store below 25 . if clopidogrel apotex is supplied in all aluminium blisters , it does not require any special storage conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice any visible sign of deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . for aluminium - aluminium blisters this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . for pvc / pvdc - aluminium blisters ( perforated unit dose ) do not store above 30 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
your doctor , pharmacist or nurse knows how to store zoledronic acid actavis properly .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton , after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect it from light . before opening : store in a refrigerator at 2 to 8 , away from the cooling element . do not freeze . during use or when carried as a spare : the product may be stored for a maximum of 4 weeks . store below 30 . do not refrigerate or freeze . discard the needle after each injection . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . atriance is stable for up to 8 hours at up to 30 once the vial is opened . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use fluenz after the expiry date which is stated on the applicator label after the letters exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . protect from light . before use , the vaccine may be taken out of the refrigerator , without being replaced , for a maximum period of 12 hours at a temperature not above 25 . if the vaccine has not been used after this 12 - hour period , it should be disposed of . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for medical waste . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep out of the reach and sight of children - do not use intrinsa after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - do not store above 30 . - do not refrigerate or freeze . - medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater ( do not flush it down the toilet ) or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not take tafinlar after the expiry date ( exp ) which is stated on the bottle label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister card after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . do not take this medicine if you notice any damage to the packaging or if there are any signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). you may take abseamed out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( up to 25 ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not freeze or shake . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that it may have been accidentally frozen , or if there has been a refrigerator failure , the liquid is coloured or you can see particles floating in it , 84 the seal is broken . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
this medicine is only supplied to hospitals and specialist clinics . the hospital pharmacist or surgeon is responsible for the correct storage of the product both before and during its use , as well as for the correct disposal . keep out of the reach and sight of children . this medicine should not be used after the expiry date which is printed on the carton and the blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator at ( 2c - 8c ). medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store this medicine in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label or carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 30 . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton after exp . unopened vials : store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). diluted solution : chemical and physical in - use stability after dilution in glucose 5 % or sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection has been demonstrated for 8 hours ( including infusion time ) after dilution when stored at 20  5 or 12 hours after dilution when stored at 2 - 8 followed by 3 hours stored at 20  5 ( including infusion time ). do not freeze . do not throw away any medicine via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicine you no longer use . these measures will help protect environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not use invokana if the packaging is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label of the pre - filled pen and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 25 . keep the pen in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear and contains particles . nordimet is for single use only . any used pen should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use exalief after the expiry date , which is stated on the blister package and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the box and on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). you may take retacrit out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( up to 25 ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not freeze or shake . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that the seal is broken or if the liquid is coloured or you can see particles floating in it . in the event of either being observed , discard the medicinal product . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use clopidogrel hexal after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use clopidogrel hexal if you notice any visible sign of damage of blister or film - coated tablets . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton , the aluminium pouch and on the single - dose containers after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not freeze . after opening of the aluminium pouches , the single - dose containers should be kept in the pouches in order to protect from light and avoid evaporation . discard any opened individual single - dose container with any remaining emulsion immediately after use . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the ampoule label and the carton . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after dilution , if not used immediately , storage times and conditions before use are the responsibility of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 ºc , unless dilution has taken place in a sterile environment . this medicine must not be used if you notice foreign particulate matter or if the solution is discoloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . pemetrexed pfizer 100 mg powder for concentrate for solution for infusion store the 100 mg vial below 30 . pemetrexed pfizer 500 mg powder for concentrate for solution for infusion the 500 mg vial does not require any special storage conditions . pemetrexed pfizer 1 , 000 mg powder for concentrate for solution for infusion the 1 , 000 mg vial does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solutions : when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature ( 2 to 8 ) and at 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 . the reconstituted solution is clear and ranges in colour from colourless to yellow or green - yellow without adversely affecting product quality . parenteral medicines must be inspected visually for particulate matter and discolouration prior to administration . if particulate matter is observed , do not administer . this medicine is for single use only ; any unused solution must be disposed of in accordance with local requirement .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date that is stated on the outer carton , blister or tablet container after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . for tablets stored in tablet containers : do not store above 30 . for tablets stored in blisters : do not store above 25 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer require . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use revasc after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the pack . do not store above 25 . keep the vial and ampoule in the outer carton . after reconstitution , immediate use is recommended . however , the in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours between 2 and 8 ( in a refrigerator ). do not use revasc if you notice that the solution for injection contains visible particles . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask you pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and tube after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). for single use only . do not re - use the tubes once opened . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vials , syringes and outer packaging . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after reconstitution : this medicine is stable for 2 hours at 25ºc . due to the risk of microbial contamination , this medicine should be used immediately . if not used immediately , the use of this medicine are the responsibility of the user . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use memantine merz after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the card packaging or carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blisters : store below 30 bottle : this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the vial label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) do not freeze . keep the vials in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first dilution of the concentrate with 1 . 8 ml of the supplied solvent , the mixture may be stored for up to 24 hours below 25 and protected from light prior to further dilution . after further dilution of the concentrate - solvent mixture with sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection , the solution may be stored for up to 6 hours below 25 and protected from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
stelara 130 mg concentrate for solution for infusion is given in a hospital or clinic and patients should not need to store or handle it . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 28 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not shake the stelara vials . prolonged vigorous shaking may damage the medicine . do not use this medicine : after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . if the liquid is discoloured , cloudy or you can see other foreign particles floating in it ( see section 6 ' what stelara looks like and contents of the pack '). if you know , or think that it may have been exposed to extreme temperatures ( such as accidentally frozen or heated ). if the product has been shaken vigorously . if the seal is broken . stelara is for single use only . any diluted infusion solution or unused product remaining in the vial and the syringe should be thrown away in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the outer carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last date of that month . do not store colobreathe above 25oc . store in the original package until immediately before use in order to protect from moisture . if you / your child accidentally peel back the foil , and any capsules become exposed , please discard these capsules . discard the turbospin inhaler after the completion of a treatment pack . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date and time ( exp ) which is stated on the container label and infusion bag label . store at 15 - 30 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . as this medicine will be given by a qualified doctor , they are responsible for correct disposal of the product . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not store any unused portion of the infusion solution for reuse . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton or syringe labels after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). temperature excursions outside 2 - 8 should be limited . this includes avoiding storage at temperatures exceeding 30 , and not exceeding a 28 - day period where the average storage temperature for the product is below 25 ( but above 2 - 8 ). after temperature excursions , the product should be returned immediately to the recommended storage conditions ( store and transport in a refrigerator 2 - 8 ). temperature excursions have a cumulative effect on the product quality and the 28 - day time period must not be exceeded over the duration of the 4 - year shelf life of faslodex . exposure to temperatures below 2 will not damage the product providing it is not stored below - 20 . keep the pre - filled syringe in the original package , in order to protect from light . your healthcare professional will be responsible for the correct storage , use and disposal of faslodex . this medicine may pose a risk to the aquatic environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
herceptin will be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . ∑ keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . ∑ do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . ∑ the unopened vial should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). ∑ do not freeze the reconstituted solution . ∑ infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user , and would not normally be longer than 24 hours at 2 8 . ∑ do not use herceptin if you notice any particulate matter or discoloration prior to administration . ∑ medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the containers after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . do not freeze . keep container in the outer carton in order to protect it from light . do not use this medicine if you notice small bits in the dissolved product . once made up , coagadex must be used within one hour . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . your treatment centre will provide a special container to dispose of any solution that remains , any used syringes , needles and empty containers . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . vials of dectova are for single use only . any unused solution should be discarded .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use siklos after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle after exp . store below 30 . unused broken tablets must be replaced in the bottle and must be used within three months . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . brinavess must be diluted before it is used . the diluted sterile concentrate is chemically and physically stable for 12 hours at or below 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the medicineshould be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice particulate matter or discolouration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton . do not freeze . after dilution , if not used immediately , storage times and conditions before use are the responsibility of your doctor and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2ºc 8ºc , unless dilution has taken place in a sterile environment . this medicine must not be used if you notice foreign particulate matter or if the solution is discoloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
coated tablets keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . store in the original package . store below 30ºc . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . if refrigeration is not available , onpattro can be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for up to 14 days . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . your healthcare professional will throw away any medicines that are no longer being used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after first opening : once opened the product should be used immediately . shelf life after dilution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 25 and 48 hours at 2 to 8 . from a microbiological point of view , the product must be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 - 8 , unless dilution 30 has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . this medicine must not be used if you notice foreign particulate matter or if the solution is discoloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the vial labels after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . do not freeze . after reconstitution , the solution should be used immediately . if this is not possible , solutions can be stored up to 3 hours at room temperature ( up to 25 ). do not freeze the reconstituted solution .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton , tray and on the pre - filled syringe after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . tegsedi may be stored unrefrigerated for up to 6 weeks at a temperature below 30 . if unrefrigerated and not used within 6 weeks then this medicine should be discarded . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that the contents are cloudy or contains particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vials in the outer carton in order to protect from light . within the expiry date indicated on the label , this medicine when kept in its outer carton may be stored at ambient room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a limited period of 12 months . in this case , this medicine expires at the end of this 12 - month period or the expiration date on the product vial , whichever is earlier . the new expiry date must be noted on the outer carton . do not refrigerate the solution after reconstitution . the reconstituted solution must be used within 3 hours . this product is for single use only . any unused solution must be discarded . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on labels and cartons . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles or the solution is cloudy . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the container . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep this medicine in the outer carton to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
enhertu will be stored by healthcare professionals at the hospital or clinic where you receive treatment . the storage details are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . the prepared solution for infusion is stable for up to 24 hours at 2 - 8 protected from light and must be discarded thereafter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . after first opening , the medicine may be stored for a maximum of 6 months below 25 in its tightly closed container . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not discard the sachets ( desiccant ) from the bottle , these help protect your medicine from moisture . do not eat or open the desiccant sachets . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , tube and single - dose container after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . keep the single - dose container in the shrink wrapped tube until ready to use in order to protect from moisture . if the tube has been opened , the single - dose container may have been exposed to moisture . this could 27 cause the medicinal product to not work as expected . examine the shrink wrapped tube periodically . if the tube has been opened , replace the medicinal product . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the syringe ( s ) in the outer carton in order to protect from light . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . after aimovig has been taken out of the refrigerator , it must be kept at room temperature ( up to 25 ) in the outer carton and must be used within 14 days , or else discarded . do not put aimovig back in the refrigerator once it has been removed . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution contains particles , is cloudy or is distinctly yellow . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , protective sleeve , and wallet after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use maci after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the dish after exp . do not refrigerate or freeze . store below 37 in the outer carton until ready to use . maci should be used within 6 days after the date of release . any spillage or waste material should be disposed as surgical waste material in compliance with local practice . since this product will be used during your knee surgery , the hospital staff is responsible for the correct storage of the product both before and during its use , as well as for the correct disposal .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . exparel liposomal may also be stored at room temperature ( below 25 ) for up to 30 days in sealed , unopened vials . vials should not be re - refrigerated . after first opening chemical and physical in - use stability of exparel liposomal withdrawn from vials and transferred into polypropylene syringes has been demonstrated for 48 hours when stored in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ), or 6 hours when stored at room temperature ( below 25 ). from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and should not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 unless opening has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . after dilution chemical and physical in - use stability of exparel liposomal when admixed with other formulations of bupivacaine has been demonstrated for 24 hours at room temperature ( below 25 ). when admixed with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride or lactated ringer ' s solution , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 4 hours when stored in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ) and at room temperature ( below 25 ). from a microbiological point of view , unless the method of dilution precludes the risk of microbial contamination , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not use this medicine if the packaging is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the blister in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after " exp ". for white high - density polyethylene bottles , use within 30 days after the first opening . for pvc / pe / pvdc / aluminium - blisters : do not store above 30 . for white high - density polyethylene bottles : this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away any medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . because the solution contains no preservative , your healthcare professional must infuse it immediately after opening the vial . do not store above 25 . do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is cloudy or contains particles floating within the solution .
ontruzant will be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . the unopened vial should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze the reconstituted solution . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user , and would not normally be longer than 24 hours 2 - 8 . do not use ontruzant if you notice any particulate matter or discoloration prior to administration . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . before the vaccine is mixed : do not use the antigen ( suspension ) and the adjuvant ( emulsion ) after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after the vaccine is mixed : humenza should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) and should be used within 24 hours medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton after exp . unopened vials : store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). diluted solution : chemical and physical in - use stability after dilution in glucose 5 % or sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection has been demonstrated for 8 hours ( including infusion time ) after dilution when stored at 25 ± 2 or 12 hours after dilution when stored at 2 - 8 followed by 3 hours stored at 25 ± 2 ( including infusion time ). do not freeze . do not throw away any medicine via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicine you no longer use . these measures will help protect environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). do not freeze . store in the original package to protect from light . it is recommended that the product is used immediately after dilution , due to a possible risk for microbial contamination . if it is not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and should not be longer than 8 hours at 2oc to 8oc , under protection from light .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister or on the wallet or on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . do not use this medicine if you notice any damage or signs of tampering to the medicine packaging . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine after 6 weeks of first opening the bottle . rezolsta does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away any medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the bottle after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store this medicine above 25 . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use daronrix after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the syringe can be removed from the refrigerator and left at room temperature for a single period of maximum 15 days ( but not above 25 ). do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
vectibix will be stored in the healthcare facility where it is used . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton or syringe labels after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). temperature excursions outside 2 - 8 should be limited and not exceeding a 28 day period where the average storage temperature for the product is below 25 ( but above 2 - 8 ). after temperature excursions , the product should be returned immediately to the recommended storage conditions ( store and transport in a refrigerator 2 - 8 ). temperature excursions have a cumulative effect on the product quality and the 28 day time period must not be exceeded over the duration of the shelf life of fulvestrant mylan . exposure to temperatures below 2 will not damage the product providing it is not stored below 20 . keep the pre - filled syringe in the original package in order to protect from light . your healthcare professional will be responsible for the correct storage , use and disposal of fulvestrant mylan . this medicine may pose a risk to the aquatic environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package , in order to protect from light . do not use gonal - f if you notice any visible signs of deterioration , if the liquid contains particles or is not clear . the medicine must be administered immediately after preparation . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment . gonal - f should not be administered as a mixture with other medicines in the same injection , except for lutropin alfa . studies have shown that these two medicines can be mixed and injected together , without either product being adversely affected .
kadcyla will be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . ∑ keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . ∑ do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . ∑ store in a refrigerator at ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . ∑ when prepared as a solution for infusion kadcyla is stable for up to 24 hours at 2 to 8 , and must be discarded thereafter . ∑ do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , or tray or sachet label , after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . do not refrigerate or freeze . the hospital staff will store ionsys . the used ionsys will be disposed of by medical staff .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not store the kit above 25 . the tablet must be taken when dissolved . do not use pylobactell after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month .
zessly will generally be stored by the health professionals . the storage details should you need them are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). this medicine can also be stored in the original carton outside of refrigerated storage up to a maximum of 30 for a single period of up to six months , but not beyond the original expiry date . in this situation , do not return to the refrigerated storage again . write the new expiry date on the carton including day / month / year . discard this medicine if not used by the new expiry date or the expiry date printed on the carton , whichever is earlier . it is recommended that when zessly is prepared for infusion , it is used as soon as possible ( within 3 hours ). however , if the solution is prepared in germ - free conditions , it can be stored in a refrigerator at 2 8 for 24 hours . do not use this medicine if it is discoloured or if there are particles present .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use sabervel after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). you may take nyvepria out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 25 ) for no longer than 15 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( not above 25 ) it must either be used within 15 days or disposed of . do not freeze . nyvepria may be used if it is accidentally frozen for a single period of less than 24 hours . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use opsumit after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , bottle and blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer require . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not use trajenta if the package is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use rivastigmine teva after the expiry date that is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , on the blister and on the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . fulphila may be used if it is accidentally frozen for a single period of less than 24 hours . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . you may take fulphila out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( not above 30 ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pack and syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the pre - filled syringes may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period of maximum 10 days with protection from light . at the end of this period the pre - filled syringes must be used or discarded . do not use this medicine if the solution is discoloured , cloudy or if you can see particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the blister packs in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use if the pack is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use sprimeo hct after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). do not freeze . do not use litak after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the outer carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . from a microbiological point of view , unless the opening precludes the risk of microbiological contamination , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user . do not use litak if you notice that the vial is damaged or that the solution is not clear or contains any particles . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
ocrevus will be stored by the healthcare professionals at the hospital or clinic under the following conditions : this medicine is to be kept out of the sight and reach of children . this medicine is not to be used after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the vial label after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine is to be stored in a refrigerator ( 2oc - 8oc ). it is not to be frozen . the vials are to be kept in the outer carton to protect them from light . ocrevus must be diluted before it is given to you . dilution will be done by a healthcare professional . it is recommended that the product is used immediately after dilution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the healthcare professional and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 - 8 and subsequently 8 hours at room temperature . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vials and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 c . store in the original package in order to protect from light . the medicine must be administered immediately after reconstitution . do not use pergoveris if you notice any visible signs of deterioration . the reconstituted solution should not be administered if it contains particles or is not clear . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . information about storage , expiry , and use and handling are described in the section intended for healthcare professionals at the end of the leaflet . your doctor or pharmacist is responsible for storing this vaccine and disposing of any unused product correctly .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the reconstituted solution should be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . entyvio is given by a doctor or nurse and patients should not need to store or handle entyvio . entyvio is for single use only . unopened vial : store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). keep the vial in the original carton in order to protect from light . reconstituted and diluted solutions : use immediately . if this is not possible , reconstituted solution in the vial can be stored for up to 8 hours at 2 - 8 . diluted solution in sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection can be stored up to 12 hours at a room temperature of not above 25 , or up to 24 hours in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ), or for up to 12 hours at room temperature and in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ), up to a combined total of 24 hours . a 24 hour period may include up to 8 hours at 2 - 8 for reconstituted solution in the vial and up to 12 hours at 20 - 25 for diluted solution in the infusion bag but the infusion bag must be stored in the refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) for the rest of the 24 hour period any time that the reconstituted solution was held in the vial should be subtracted from the time the solution may be held in the infusion bag . do not freeze . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles in the liquid or discolouration ( solution should be clear or opalescent , colourless to light yellow ) prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
sarclisa will be stored at the hospital or clinic . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater . your doctor , pharmacist or nurse will throw away any medicines that are no longer being used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and label of the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep in the outer carton in order to protect from light . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . kyntheum can be kept at room temperature up to 25 in the outer carton for 14 days . throw away kyntheum if it is not used within 14 days of storage at room temperature . do not use this medicine if you notice the solution is cloudy or discoloured or contains lumps , flakes or particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solutions : the product should be used immediately . when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in - use stability of reconstituted solution of pemetrexed was demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature . for infusion solution of pemetrexed , chemical and physical in - use stability was demonstrated for 21 days at refrigerated temperature and 7 days at room temperature . this medicine should not been used if there are any signs of particles . this medicine is for single use only . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not freeze or shake the infusion solution . do not administer the solution if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not store above 25 . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle , blister or carton after exp . that expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blister packs : do not store above 30 . store in the original carton . bottle packs : do not store above 25 . keep the bottle tightly closed . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package below 25 in order to protect from moisture . zubsolv can be a target for people who abuse prescription medicine . keep this medicine in a safe place to protect it from theft . store the blister safely . never open the blister in advance . do not take this medicine in front of children . an emergency unit should be contacted immediately in case of accidental ingestion or suspicion of ingestion . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . discard if the vaccine has been frozen . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze the reconstituted solution . store in the original package in order to protect from light . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user , and would not normally be longer than 24 hours at 2 - 8 . do not use kanjinti if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original packaging in order to protect from light . after dilution in infusion bag , chemical , physical and microbial in - use stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours at room temperature ( 20 25 ) or in the refrigerator ( 2 8 ). after dilution of obiltoxaximab sfl in a syringe for infusion , it should be administered immediately and not stored . any unused product should be discarded .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not store your capsules above 30 . do not take the capsule after the ' expiry date ' shown on the blister and carton . if your capsules are out of date , take them to your pharmacist who will get rid of them safely .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use cinryze after the expiry date which is stated on the carton or vials after " exp ". store below 25 . do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . once reconstituted , cinryze solution should be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
your doctor , pharmacist or nurse knows how to store zoledronic acid teva generics properly . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and carton label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - the unopened bottle does not require any special storage conditions . - after opening the bottle , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 to 8ºc and 25ºc . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 . allow the refrigerated solution to reach room temperature before administration . - do not use this medicine if you notice any discolouration or particles in the solution . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater ( or household waste ). ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use memantine accord after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blisters after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 30 . do not freeze . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . do not shake . store in the original package in order to protect from light . for diluted solutions , immediate use is recommended . if not used immediately , the diluted solution may be stored up to 24 hours at 2 to 8 or up to 12 hours below 25 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and box after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not freeze . chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for seven days at room temperature and under refrigeration ( 2 - 8 ) at a concentration range of 0 . 15 mg / ml to 0 . 83 mg / ml after dilution with sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %). from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 unless dilution has taken place under controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). you may take neulasta out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( not above 30 ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not freeze . neulasta may be used if it is accidentally frozen for a single period of less than 24 hours . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label / blister / carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 28 ). do not freeze . do not shake . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . alternative storage : when needed ( for example when you are travelling ), hyrimoz may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a maximum period of 21 days be sure to protect it from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , your pre - filled syringe must be used within 21 days or discarded , even if it is later returned to the refrigerator . you should record the date when your pre - filled syringe is first removed from the refrigerator , and the date after which it should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . do not put insuman rapid next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . opened vials once in - use , the vial may be stored for a maximum of 4 weeks in the outer carton not above 25 and away from direct heat ( for example next to a heating unit ) or direct light ( direct sunlight or next to a lamp ). do not use the vial after this time period . it is recommended that the date of the first use be noted on the label . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the box and the sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . once reconstituted in water , the suspension is stable for 24 hours . however , it is recommended to drink the suspension immediately after preparation ( see section 3 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children do not freeze quixidar does not need to be kept in the fridge . do not use quixidar : after the expiry date stated on the label and carton 74 if you notice any particles in the solution , or if the solution is discoloured if you notice that the syringe is damaged if you have opened a syringe and you do not use it straightaway . disposal of syringes medicines and syringes should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not freeze . the doctor , pharmacist or nurse will check this medicine and will discard it if it contains particles . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . your doctor , pharmacist or nurse will throw away medicines no longer being used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . keep the blisters in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
luxturna will be stored by the healthcare professionals at your healthcare facility . concentrate and solvent must be stored and transported frozen at ≤- 65 ºc . once thawed , the medicine should not be re - frozen and should be left at room temperature ( below 25 ). do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pen label and on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original packaging in order to protect from light . trulicity can be taken out of the fridge for up to 14 days at a temperature not above 30ºc . do not use this medicine if you notice that the pen is damaged , or the medicine is cloudy , discoloured or has particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not take this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and blister foil . - do not store above 30 . - store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . - do not take this medicine if you notice any damage to the packaging or if there are any signs of tampering . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). after dilution , an immediate use is recommended . however , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 to 8 when stored under protection from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and pouch after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - store in the original package in order to protect from light . - do not use this medicine if you see that the patch is damaged or shows signs of tampering . - after removing a patch , fold it in half with the sticky sides on the inside and press them together . return the used patch to its sachet and dispose of it in such a way that children cannot handle it . do not touch your eyes with your fingers and wash your hands with soap and water 47 after removing the patch . if your community burns domestic rubbish , you can dispose of the patch with your domestic rubbish . otherwise , return used patches to a pharmacy , preferably in the original packaging . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . - do not use this medicine if you notice that capsules look damaged . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton or on the label of your inhaler after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 oc . keep the mouthpiece cover closed after removal of the foil wrapping . use within 6 months of removing from the foil wrapping . use the label on the inhaler to write down the date you open the foil pouch . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light . use the vial immediately after its opening . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user . from a microbiological point of view , reconstitution / dilution must take place in controlled and aseptic conditions . use immediately the medicine once added into the infusion bag . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 6 hours below 25 including the one hour infusion . docetaxel infusion solution is supersaturated , therefore may cristallize over time . if crystals appear , the solution must no longer be used and shall be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on each blister or bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . crushed tablets crushed tablets are stable in water or apple puree for up tp 4 hours . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
zercepac will be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . the unopened vial should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze the reconstituted solution . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . do not use zercepac if you notice any particulate matter or discoloration prior to administration . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the label after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 ○ c . do not freeze . do not use this medicine if you notice that the syringe or needle packaging is damaged or if there are any visible signs of deterioration , for example if the solution is cloudy , if it has floating particles , or if the colour of the solution has changed . do not throw away any medicines via waste water or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the packaging . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blister : store in the original package . bottle : keep the bottle tightly closed . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened bottles : store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). after opening the bottle : do not store above 25 . throw away the bottle 4 weeks after first opening to prevent infections and use a new bottle . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 28 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . however , the in - use stability has been demonstrated for up to 24 hours at 2 8 in the original package . for single use only . do not use omnitrope if you notice that the solution is cloudy . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . foscan will be stored at the hospital pharmacy . do not store above 25 oc . store in the original package in order to protect from light . once removed from its package , this medicine must be used immediately . each vial is a single dose and any unused medicine must be discarded .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . do not use this medicine if you notice that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not use imnovid if you notice any damage or signs of tampering to medicine packaging . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . any unused medicine should be returned to the pharmacist at the end of treatment . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . you should store your medicine in the original package in order to protect the tablets from moisture . remove your micardisplus tablet from the blister only directly prior to intake . occasionally , the outer layer of the blister pack separates from the inner layer between the blister pockets . you do not need to take any action if this happens . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze or shake the vial . keep the vial in the outer carton to protect from light . infusion solution : after dilution and preparation , the medicine must be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions before use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 ºc and up to an additional 8 hours at room temperature ( below 25 ºc ). do not freeze or shake the infusion solution . do not administer the solution if you notice any particulate matter or discoloration . this medicine is for single use only . do not store any unused portion of the infusion solution for reuse . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . prasugrel mylan 5 mg : do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . prasugrel mylan 10 mg : do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . blister packs only : do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use zimulti after the expiry date which is stated on the outer packaging after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the refrigerator ( 2 ºc 8 ºc ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use if the solution is discoloured or if foreign particles are present . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throwaway medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze . after first opening , the vaccine should be used immediately ( within a maximum period of 3 hours ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . your doctor or the hospital will normally store zynrelef and they are responsible for the quality of the medicine when it has been opened if it is not used immediately . the medicine should be visually inspected prior to use . the solution should only be used if it is clear , practically free from particles and if the container is undamaged . your doctor will throw away the medicine appropriately .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). the medicine can be stored for a single period of 2 months ( for 2 mg capsules ) or 3 months ( for 5 mg , 10 mg and 20 mg capsules ) at a temperature not above 25 , after which it must be discarded . do not forget to mark the date on the bottle , when removed from the refrigerator . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the carton in order to protect from light . grastofil can be removed from the refrigerator and left at room temperature ( not above 25 ℃) for a single period of up to 15 days that ends within the labelled expiry date . once grastofil has been out at room temperature it should not be put back into the refrigerator . any grastofil syringes that have been out of the refrigerator for longer than 15 days should not be used and should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . do not use grastofil if you notice it is cloudy , or there is discoloration or there are particles in it . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle , blister or carton after exp . that expiry date refers to the last day of that month . after opening the bottle use within 90 days . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . remove your twynsta tablet from the blister only directly prior to intake . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer box and vial label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . benefix must be stored below 30 and must be used by the expiry date on the label . do not freeze in order to prevent damage to the pre - filled syringe . use the reconstituted solution immediately or within 3 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice the solution is not clear or colourless . use only the pre - filled syringe provided in the box for reconstitution . other sterile disposable syringes may be used for administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not store any unused portion of the concentrate or of the diluted infusion solution for reuse . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine is for single use only . once the vial is opened , use immediately . do not store above 30 . keep vial in the outer carton to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . your doctor or nurse will throw away any medicines that are no longer being used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle after ¨ exp ¨. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . once the bottle is opened , the capsules should be used within 18 - weeks . do not store above 30ºc . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . warning : the bottle contains one or more sealed canisters containing silica gel to keep the capsules dry . keep the canisters in the bottle . do not swallow them . do not use this medicine if you notice any signs of damage to the bottle or any change in the appearance of the capsules . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
your doctor , pharmacist or nurse knows how to store zoledronic acid accord properly ( see section 6 ).
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and pen after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . livogiva should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ) at all times . you can use livogiva for up to 28 days after the first injection , as long as the pen is stored in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). avoid placing the pens close to the ice compartment of the refrigerator to prevent freezing . do not use livogiva if it is , or has been , frozen . each pen should be properly disposed of after 28 days , even if it is not completely empty . livogiva contains a clear and colourless solution . do not use livogiva if solid particles appear or if the solution is cloudy or coloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use uptravi after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and on the blister after " exp ." the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . no special requirements for disposal .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the radiolabelled solution is stable for 6 hours at a maximum of 25 . the radiolabelled product is a clear , colourless solution with no visible particles . do not use if particulate matter and / or discoloration are seen . disposal of radiopharmaceuticals should be done in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . store in an upright position . after reconstitution , the vials should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ) for up to 4 hours in an upright position . after dilution , the solution in infusion bags should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ) for up to 4 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles in the diluted solution . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle after exp . this medicine should be used within 35 days after first opening of the bottle . the bottle contains a desiccant protecting the tablets from moisture . keep the desiccant inside the bottle and do not throw away until you have finished taking all of the medicine . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use raptiva after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use if you notice that the solution is not clear or contains particles . to maintain sterility , raptiva must be used immediately after first opening and reconstitution . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 8 ). do not freeze , in order to prevent damage to the pre - filled solvent syringe . for your convenience , the medicine can be removed from such storage for one single period of maximum 3 months at room temperature ( up to 25 ). at the end of this room temperature storage period , the product must not be put back in the refrigerator , but must be used or discarded . record on the outer carton the date refacto af is removed from the refrigerator and set at room temperature ( up to 25oc ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . use the reconstituted solution within 3 hours of reconstitution . the solution will be clear to slightly opalescent and colourless . do not use this medicine if you notice that it is cloudy or contains visible particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . sonovue dispersion should be administered to you within six hours of its preparation .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). syringes should be stored in the refrigerator horizontally to minimize the re - dispersion time . do not freeze . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the solution must be administered immediately and cannot be stored for later use . dispose of any unused medicine . do not use this medicine if the solution is not clear , is coloured or has bits or lumps in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
do not store above 30 . store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh if you notice any visible sign of damage of blister or film - coated tablets . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use clopidogrel teva generics b . v . after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture and light . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solutions : the product should be used immediately . when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in - use stability of reconstituted and infusion solutions of pemetrexed were demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature . do not use this medicine if you notice any visible signs of deterioration . this medicine is for single use only . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of reach and sight of children . do not use pedea after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . after opening , pedea should be administered immediately . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . if the vaccine has been frozen it should not be used . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you and / or your child no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister foil . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . open the blister just before taking the votubia tablets . do not use this medicine if the pack is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringes in the outer carton in order to protect from light . nepexto may be stored outside of the refrigerator at temperatures up to a maximum of 25 for a single period of up to four weeks ; after which , it should not be refrigerated again . nepexto should be discarded if not used within four weeks after removal from the refrigerator . it is recommended that you record the date that nepexto is removed from the refrigerator and the date after which nepexto should be discarded ( no more than 4 weeks following the removal from the refrigerator ). inspect the solution in the syringe . it should be clear to opalescent , colourless to yellow , and may contain small white or almost transparent particles of protein . this appearance is normal . do not use the solution if it is discoloured , cloudy , or if particles other than those described above are present . if you are concerned with the appearance of the solution , then contact your pharmacist for assistance . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use clopidogrel sandoz after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use clopidogrel sandoz if you notice any visible sign of damage of blister or film - coated tablets . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to 24 dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and bottle label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the bottle in the outer carton in order to protect from light . store the bottle and the oral syringe in the outer carton between each use . do not freeze . after first opening , the medicine should be used within 2 months . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
imlygic will be stored by the healthcare professionals at your healthcare facility . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport frozen at - 90 to - 70 . store in the original carton in order to protect from light .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . accidental freezing will not harm filgrastim hexal . the syringe can be removed from the refrigerator and left at room temperature for a single period of maximum 72 hours ( but not above 25 ). at the end of this period , the product should not be put back in the refrigerator and should be disposed of . do not use this medicine if you notice discolouration , cloudiness or particles , it should be a clear , colourless to slightly yellowish liquid . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice that the packaging is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer used . these measures will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist . the following information is intended for the specialist only . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use after the expiry date which is stated on the shield label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the outer carton in order to protect it from light . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze or heat the syringe . once taken out of the refrigerator , do not store kevzara above 25 ºc . write down the date of removal from the refrigerator in the space provided on the outer carton . use the syringe within 14 days after taking it out of the refrigerator or the insulated bag . keep the syringe in the original carton in order to protect it from light . do not use this medicine if the solution in the syringe is cloudy , discoloured or contains particles , or if any part of the pre - filled syringe looks damaged . after use , put the syringe into a puncture - resistant container . always keep the container out of the sight and reach of children . ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse how to throw away the container . do not recycle the container . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . classified as public by the european medicines agency do not use this medicine if you notice the tablets show visible signs of deterioration ( for example , are broken or discoloured ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiration date and time , which is stated on the insulated container and the infusion bag . store the bag in the insulated container to maintain the correct storage temperature ( 28 ) until infusion . do not refrigerate or freeze the container . after removal from the insulated container , the medicinal product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions should not exceed 3 hours at room temperature ( 25 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . since this medicine will be given by a qualified doctor or nurse , they are responsible for the correct disposal of the product . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . store in the original packaging . after opening : 1 year . do not use after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle after exp . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for cytotoxic medicines . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . the prepared infusion solution should be used immediately .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 to 8 ). keep the dosing tube in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . store in original carton in order to protect from light . do not use kineret if you think it has been frozen . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( up to 25 ) it must either be used within 12 hours or disposed of . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , blister and overwrap foil after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . storage after reconstitution and dilution chemical and physical stability of the concentrate has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 25 ± 2 , in normal light conditions and 24 hours at 2 to 8 , protected from light . the physico - chemical stability of the medicinal product solution obtained after dilution in solutions for infusion ( nacl 0 . 9 % and glucose 5 %) has been demonstrated for 4 hours at room temperature , in normal lighting conditions , on samples reconstituted and stored for 12 hours and respectively 24 hours at 25oc ± 2oc and then diluted . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless reconstitution / dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for cytotoxic material .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use pioglitazone actavis after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister pack after the word " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage precautions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package . do not store above 30 . do not use any starlix pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use norvir powder for oral suspension after the expiry date on the sachet and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . norvir powder for oral suspension should be stored below 30 . do not use this medicine if you notice the powder is not beige / pale yellow to yellow . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and pen after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . qutavina should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ) at all times . you can use qutavina for up to 28 days after the first injection , as long as the pen is stored in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). avoid placing the pens close to the ice compartment of the refrigerator to prevent freezing . do not use qutavina if it is , or has been , frozen . each pen should be properly disposed of after 28 days , even if it is not completely empty . qutavina contains a clear and colourless solution . do not use qutavina if solid particles appear or if the solution is cloudy or coloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use sepioglin after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister pack after the word " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage precautions . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . this medicine should not be used after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vials . do not store above 25 . do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . the premix solution should be used immediately after preparation . however the chemical and physical stability of the premix solution has been demonstrated for 8 hours when stored either between 2 and 8 or at room temperature ( below 25 ). the infusion solution should be used within 4 hours at room temperature ( below 25 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines no longer used . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton , on the aluminium pouch label , and on the single - dose containers label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not freeze . store below 30 . keep single - dose containers in the pouch in order to protect from light and avoid evaporation . discard the opened single - dose container immediately after use . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not store above 25c . do not freeze . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . hospital staff will ensure that the product is stored and thrown away correctly and not used after the expiry date stated on the label .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . endolucinbeta must not be used after the expiry date and time which is stated on the label after exp . endolucinbeta will be stored in the original package that provides protection from radiation .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c to 8c ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . pixuvri does not contain anything to prevent the growth of bacteria and it is , therefore , recommended that it be used immediately after reconstitution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and should not be longer than 24 hours at 2c to 8c . reconstituted pixantrone solution is stable for up to 24 hours at room temperature ( 15c to 25c ) in standard infusion bags . pixuvri is for single use only . any unused medicinal product or waste material , including materials used for reconstitution , dilution , and administration should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the container . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in liquid nitrogen vapour . the infusion solution should be used immediately after thawing . maximum time elapsed from thawing and infusion is 2 hours at room temperature ( 15 30 ). the package is checked for the presence of any abnormality in the outer box and the label is checked for patient / donor correspondance . any unused medicine or waste should be disposed of as biological hazard material containing genetically modified organisms and in accordance with local requirements . the hospital staff are responsible for the correct storage of the product both before and during its use , as well as for correct disposal .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the blister and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . pvc / pctfe / alu blister : do not store above 30 . pa / alu / pvc / alu blister : this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . before the vaccine is mixed : do not use the suspension and the emulsion after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze . after the vaccine is mixed : after mixing , use the vaccine within 24 hours and do not store above 25 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial after ( exp ). the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). keep the vial in the outer package in order to protect from light . however , protection of eptifibatide accord solution from light is not necessary during administration . before using , the vial contents should be inspected . eptifibatide accord should not be used if it is noticed that particulate matter or discoloration is present . any unused medicine after opening should be thrown away . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your hospital pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . unopened vial do not use nuceiva after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and the carton after exp .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use zevalin after the expiry date which is stated on the pack . this medicine will be stored by a healthcare professional . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store the vials in the original package in order to protect from light . storage must be in accordance with national regulations for radioactive materials . after radiolabelling , an immediate use is recommended . stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours at 2 - 8 and protected from light .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice the vial or packaging is damaged , if the solution is cloudy or if it has floating particles or if the medicine is any colour besides colourless to light yellow . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer box and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store below 30 . do not freeze . use the reconstituted solution immediately . do not use rixubis if the solution is not clear and colourless . do not throw away any medicines via waste water or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . bottle do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . after first opening : use within 45 days . dispose any remaining capsules after this period . blister do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 c . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . lutathera must not be used after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . store below 25 ºc . store in the original package to protect from radiation .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package to protect from light . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). the syringe may be kept at room temperature up to 25 for a maximum of 14 days . after removal from the refrigerator , fasenra must be used within 14 days or discarded . do not shake , freeze or expose to heat . fasenra is for single use only . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use after the expiry date stated on the label and carton . store in a refrigerator ( at 2 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . from a microbiological point of view the product , once dissolved , should be used immediately , but no longer than 3 hours after reconstitution . before administration , check that the solution is clear . the product must not be used if any cloudiness , lumps or particulate matter are visible .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . do not store above 30 ºc . do not freeze . the solution should be clear or slightly opalescent . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is cloudy or has deposits . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use optison after the expiry date which is stated on the label , after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store upright in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). storage at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for 1 day is acceptable . do not freeze . the contents of the optison vial should be used within 30 minutes after the rubber stopper has been penetrated . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any dafiro pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the bottle after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use after 8 weeks of first opening the bottle . intelence tablets should be stored in the original bottle and keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . the bottle contains 2 little pouches ( desiccants ) to keep the tablets dry . these pouches should stay in the bottle all the time and are not to be eaten . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label as well as on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . the vials must be stored in an upright position . store in a freezer at - 18 or colder . keep the vials in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not refreeze . after thawing , unopened vials can be stored at 2 - 8 and protected from light , for up to 30 days , without being frozen again during this period . the new expiry date at 2 - 8c should be noted on the carton but should not exceed the expiry date printed by the manufacturer on the carton and label . at the end of this period the product has to be used or discarded . the fibrinogen and thrombin components are stable at room temperature for up to 24 hours . do not refrigerate evicel once it has reached room temperature . once drawn up into the application device , they must be used immediately . discard unused product after 24 hours at room temperature .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . discard open tubes 7 days after opening , even if they are not empty . they should not be kept for future use . do not throw away any medicines via household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). you may take ristempa out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30c ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( not above 30c ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not freeze . ristempa may be used if it is accidentally frozen for a single period of less than 24 hours . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the packaging after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . shelf life after first opening : 3 months . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). keep the vial in the carton in order to protect from light . once the powder has been made into a solution and diluted ready for use , it should be given to you immediately . if not , it may be stored at room temperature and used within 12 hours . reconstituted xerava should be a clear , pale yellow to orange solution . the solution should not be used if it appears to contain any particles or the solution is cloudy . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). if necessary , pre - filled syringes may be kept at room temperature up to 25 for a maximum of 14 days . do not store above 25 . if you need to permanently remove 108 the carton from the refrigerator , write down the date of removal in the space provided on the outer carton , and use dupixent within 14 days . store in the original carton to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that the medicine is cloudy , discoloured , or has particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and the bottle label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not take this medicine if the foil seal has been open for more than 30 days . discard the open bottle and use a new bottle . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . after opening do not store above 25 . keep the container tightly closed in order to protect from light and moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away the medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
mylotarg will be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vial : store in a refrigerator ( 28 ). do not freeze . store the vial in the original carton to protect from light . reconstituted and diluted solution : protect the reconstituted and diluted mylotarg solutions from light . the solutions should be used immediately . do not freeze the reconstituted or diluted solution . if not used immediately : following reconstitution , the original vial may be stored up to 16 hours in a refrigerator ( 28 ) or up to 3 hours at room temperature ( below 30 ). the diluted solution may be stored up to 18 hours in a refrigerator ( 28 ) and up to 6 hours at room temperature ( below 30 ). the allowed time at room temperature ( below 30 ) includes the time required for preparation of the diluted solution , equilibration , if needed , and administration . the maximum time from preparation of the diluted solution through administration should not exceed 24 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your doctor how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . do not use ogivri if you notice any particulate matter or discoloration prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the inhaler label and carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . keep the inhaler inside the pouch until the administration period starts . to be used within 90 days of opening the pouch . do not use the bretaris genuair if you notice that the pack is damaged or shows signs of tampering . after you have taken the last dose , the inhaler has to be disposed of . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on labels and cartons . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the medicine in its original package in order to protect from light . this medicine may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for up to 6 months when you keep it in its outer carton . if you store it at room temperature it expires after 6 months , or the expiry date if this is earlier . the new expiry date must be noted on the outer carton when the medicine is removed from the refrigerator . do not refrigerate the solution after reconstitution . the reconstituted solution must be used within 3 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles or the solution is cloudy . this medicine is for single use only . any unused solution must be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist or physician how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label of the cartridge and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the blister in the outer carton . after first use , the cartridge may be stored for up to 28 days at 2 - 8 . do not remove the cartridge that is being used from the nutropinaq pen between injections . do not use nutropinaq if you notice that the solution is cloudy . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the container and vial after exp . store between 15 25 . do not refrigerate or freeze . keep the product vial ( s ) within the falcon tube in the plastic screw top container in order to protect from light and bacterial / fungal contamination . do not irradiate . since this product will be used during your knee surgery , the hospital staff is responsible for the correct storage of the product both before and during its use , as well as for the correct disposal
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton , bottle or blister , after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice any visible sign of deterioration do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pack after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . keep the inhaler inside the sealed tray to protect from moisture and only remove immediately before first use . once the tray is opened , the inhaler can be used for up to 6 weeks , starting from the date of opening the tray . write the date the inhaler should be thrown away on the label in the space provided . the date should be added as soon as the inhaler has been removed from the tray . if you store in a refrigerator , allow the inhaler to return to room temperature for at least an hour before use . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use paxene after the expiry date , which is stated on the vial label and outer carton after " use by ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 oc . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . your concentrate for solution for infusion will be kept in the pharmacy and they will prepare it , ready to be given by the doctor or nurse . following dilution , chemical and physical in use stability has been demonstrated for at least 24 hours below 25 oc . from a microbiological point of view , once opened the product should be used immediately . other in use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and would not normally be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 oc . do not use paxene if you notice any visible particles of discolouration of the solution . the prepared solution may appear hazy . for single use only . dispose of any remaining contents after first use . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the bottle and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . at the end of your treatment you should return all unused capsules . this will prevent misuse and help to protect the environment . talk to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where to return the medicine .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials : keep the container in the outer carton until use in order to protect from light . after first reconstitution the dispersion should be used immediately . if not used immediately , the dispersion may be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) for up to 24 hours in the vial when kept in the outer carton in order to protect it from light . the reconstituted dispersion in the intravenous drip may be stored for up to 24 hours at 2 - 8 , protected from light followed by 4 hours at 15 - 25 . your doctor or pharmacist is responsible for disposing of any unused pazenir correctly .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the packaging after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . shelf life after first opening of the tablet container : 3 months . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vial : store and transport frozen (- 20 ± 5 ) keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . diluted solution : use immediately or store below 25 and use within 4 hours . do not re - freeze , once thawed . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . your healthcare professional will throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). you may take epoetin alfa hexal out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( up to 25 ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not freeze or shake . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that it may have been accidentally frozen , or if there has been a refrigerator failure , the liquid is coloured or you can see particles floating in it , the seal is broken . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is printed on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if you notice particulate matter or discolouration . do not store above 25 . do not freeze . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label . do not store above 25 or below 15 . do not refrigerate or freeze . keep the medicine inside the cardboard box . alofisel must not be irradiated or otherwise sterilised . as this medicine will be used during surgery , the hospital staff is responsible for the correct storage of the medicine before and during its use , as well as for its correct disposal .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the label and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . the kit may be kept for up to 4 weeks below 30 prior to use . store in the original package in order to protect from light . throw away any bydureon kit that has been frozen . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original pack in order to protect from light . alternatively , alprolix may be stored at room temperature ( up to 30 ) for a single period not exceeding 6 months . please record on the carton the date that alprolix is removed from the refrigerator and set at room temperature . after storage at room temperature , the product must not be put back in the refrigerator . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if it has been stored at room temperature for longer than 6 months . once you have prepared alprolix it should be used right away . if you cannot use the prepared alprolix solution immediately , it should be used within 6 hours when stored at room temperature . do not refrigerate the solution after preparation . protect the solution from direct sunlight . the prepared solution will be clear to slightly opalescent and colourless . do not use this medicine if you notice that it is cloudy or contains visible particles . this product is for single use only . discard any unused solution appropriately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after the abbreviation exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 28 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless the infusion solutions have been prepared in a sterile environment . when dilution has taken place in a sterile environment , avastin is stable for 30 days at 2 to 8 plus an additional 48 hours at 2 to 30 . do not use avastin if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original bottle in order to protect from light . once the bottle has been opened , use the capsules within 60 days . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the syringe label , tray cover , and carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . if needed , you may store palynziq in its sealed tray outside the refrigerator ( below 25 ) for up to a single period of 30 days away from sources of heat . record the date removed from refrigeration on the unopened product tray . once stored outside of refrigeration , the product must not be returned to the refrigerator . do not use this medicine if the pre - filled syringe is damaged or you notice the solution is discoloured , cloudy , or if you can see particles . use safe disposal procedures for syringes . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use avaglim after the expiry date shown on the pack . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . if you have any unwanted tablets , don ' t put them in waste water or household rubbish . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of tablets you don ' t need . this will help to protect the environment .
perjeta will be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . the storage details are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles in the liquid or it is the wrong colour ( please see section 6 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use after the expiry date stated on the tablet container . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). after first opening of the container : do not refrigerate , do not store above 30c . keep the container tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . write the date of opening on the tablet container . discard 3 months after first opening .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the outer carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport frozen at - 80 to - 60 . after thawing , the vaccine should be used immediately . however , once thawed , the vaccine can be stored for up to 14 days at 2 to 8 before use . discard the vaccine if it is not used by the end of 14 days . once thawed , the vaccine cannot be re - frozen . upon removal from the freezer , the product should be marked with both the date that it was taken out of the freezer and also a new discard date ( in place of the labelled expiry date ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not use this vaccine if you notice particles in the liquid . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your healthcare worker how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . use within 60 days after first opening . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to 63 throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . after first opening of the bottle , use within 60 days . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label , carton or blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton , in order to protect from light . you may remove biopoin from the refrigerator and store it not above 25 for a single period of up to 7 days without exceeding the expiry date . once you have removed your medicine from the refrigerator you must use it within this period or it must be discarded . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pen label and on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of the month . before first use store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep away from the freezer compartment . during use of the pen the pen can be used for 14 days when stored at a temperature below 30 . do not freeze . do not store with a needle attached . when you are not using the pen , keep the cap on the pen in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , bottle or blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . any unused medicinal product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store sirturo in the original container or package in order to protect it from light . this medicine may pose a risk to the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . storage by the pharmacist store at 2 8 ( in a refrigerator ). do not freeze . storage by the patient you have two options : 1 . store at 2 8 ( in a refrigerator ). do not freeze . 2 . store at or below 25ºc ( at room temperature ) for a single period of not more than 3 months . make a note of when you start storing the product out of the refrigerator . keep the vial ( s ) in the outer carton . the contents of a vial should be used immediately after piercing the rubber stopper . do not use puregon after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . for pvc / pvdc / alu blisters do not store above 30c . for alu / alu blisters this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use refixia after the expiry date which is stated after " exp " on the carton and on the vial and the pre - filled syringe labels . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . refixia may be taken out of the refrigerator for a maximum period of 6 months and stored at room temperature ( up to 30 ). please record on the carton the date refixia is removed from the refrigerator and placed at room temperature . this new expiry date should never exceed the one initially mentioned on the outer carton . if the medicine has not been used before the new expiry date , it should be disposed of . after storage at room temperature the medicine must not be put back in the refrigerator . use the injection immediately after reconstitution . if it cannot be used immediately , use within 24 hours if stored in a refrigerator at 2 8 or within 4 hours if stored out of the refrigerator at a maximum temperature of 30 . the powder in the vial appears as a white to off - white powder . do not use the powder if the colour has changed . the reconstituted solution will be clear and colourless . do not use the reconstituted solution if you notice any particles or discolouration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . prior to usage , the unopened blister may be stored at room temperature ( below 25 ) for up to 24 hours . keep the pre - filled syringe in its blister and in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away any medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the medicine in original package in order to protect from light . this medicine may be stored at ambient room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a limited period of 12 months when you keep it in its outer carton . if you store this medicine at ambient room temperature it expires after 12 months or at the expiry date if this is earlier . the new expiry date must be noted on the outer carton . do not refrigerate the solution after reconstitution . the reconstituted solution must be used within 3 hours . this product is for single use only . any unused solution must be discarded . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on labels and cartons . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles or the solution is cloudy . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . single use only , any unused solution should be disposed of .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the box , the bottle label or the blister after the abbreviation " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . blisters this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . bottles this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicine via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment and to prevent accidental access by children .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister / bottle and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . bottles : do not store above 30 . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . blisters : do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask you pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulations on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only : xofigo must not be used after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and the lead pot . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . xofigo must not be used if discolouration , the occurrence of particulate matter or a defective container is noticed .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if it has been stored at room temperature for longer than 6 months . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . alternatively , elocta may be stored at room temperature ( up to 30 ) for a single period not exceeding 6 months . record on the carton the date that elocta is removed from the refrigerator and set at room temperature . after storage at room temperature , the product must not be put back in the refrigerator . once you have prepared elocta it should be used right away . if you cannot use the prepared elocta solution immediately , it should be used within 6 hours . do not refrigerate the prepared solution . protect the prepared solution from direct sunlight . the prepared solution will be clear to slightly opalescent and colourless . do not use this medicine if you notice that it is cloudy or contains visible particles . discard any unused solution appropriately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solutions : the product should be used immediately . when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in - use stability of reconstituted and infusion solutions of pemetrexed were demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature . this medicine is for single use only ; any unused solution must be disposed of in accordance with local requirement .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label / carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . alternative storage : when needed ( for example when you are travelling ), a single kromeya pre - filled syringe may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a maximum period of 14 days be sure to protect it from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , your pre - filled syringe must be used within 14 days or discarded , even if it is later returned to the refrigerator . you should record the date when the syringe is first removed from refrigerator , and the date after which it should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use neorecormon after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and label . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). the syringe can be removed from the refrigerator and left at room temperature for a single period of maximum 3 days ( but not above 25 ). keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton , in order to protect from light . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date shown on the carton and vial label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 c 8c ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . store the diluted infusion solution between 2c and 8 c and use within 24 hours . any unused infusion solution should be discarded 24 hours after preparation .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine will be stored in a healthcare facility where it is administered . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . from a bacteriological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if the diluted solution is not used immediately it can be stored refrigerated ( 2 to 8 ). the solution should be used within 4 hours of dilution . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles or discolouration in the diluted solution .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions if kept unopened in the original container . the prepared xydalba solution for infusion must not be used if there are any particles or the solution is cloudy . xydalba is for single use only . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original pack in order to protect from light . once removed from the refrigerator , unopened vials may be kept at room temperature ( below 30 ) for up to 7 days . after storage at room temperature , unopened vials may be returned back to the refrigerator . the total time the medicine is stored at room temperature should not be more than 7 days . discard vials that have been kept at room temperature for more than 7 days or exposed to temperatures above 30 . once transferred from the vial to the syringe , use hemlibra straight away . do not refrigerate the solution in the syringe . before using the medicine , check the solution for particles or discoloration . the solution should be colourless to slightly yellow . do not use this medicine if it is cloudy , discoloured , or contains visible particles . throw away any unused solution appropriately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . - store in the original container and keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture and light . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the sight and reach of children and other household members . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . however , suboxone can be a target for people who abuse prescription medicine . keep this medicine in a safe place to protect it from theft . store the blister safely . never open the blister in advance . do not take this medicine in front of children . an emergency unit should be contacted immediately in case of accidental ingestion or suspicion of ingestion . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 28 ). do not freeze . after the medicine has been diluted , the solution should be used immediately . if immediate use is not possible , the diluted solution can be stored at 2 - 8 for up to 48 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice the solution is cloudy or has visible particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask the pharmacist how to dispose of unused medicines . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . after dilution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 to 8 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and should not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 . partially used vials must be discarded . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . do not use this medicine if you notice that it shows evidence of precipitation or any other particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date stated on the vial and the carton after exp . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the reconstituted solution should be used immediately after preparation . if the reconstituted solution is not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . however , the reconstituted solution is stable for 8 hours at 5 and 25 stored in the original vial and / or a syringe , with a total storage time for the reconstituted medicine not exceeding 8 hours prior to administration . bortezomib hospira is for single use only . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
your doctor , pharmacist or nurse knows how to store zoledronic acid medac properly ( see section 6 ). after first opening , zoledronic acid medac solution for infusion should preferably be used immediately . if the solution is not used immediately , it should be stored in a refrigerator at 2 8 .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use advagraf after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . use all the prolonged - release hard capsules within 1 year of opening the aluminium wrapping . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after the abbreviation exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 28 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . do not use zirabev if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only : do not store above 25 . do not freeze . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the labels after exp . hospital staff will ensure that the product is stored and thrown away correctly and not used after the expiry date stated on the label .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on carton , bottle and blister foil after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . - do not use this medicine if you notice that the pack is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials : - store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). - do not freeze . - store in the original package in order to protect from light . - do not use this medicine if you notice particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and bottle label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not refrigerate or freeze . use within 3 months of first opening the bottle . wash the syringe after each use . if you lose or damage a syringe , or cannot read the dose markings on a syringe , use another oral syringe provided in your pack , or speak to your pharmacist . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the packaging . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
your doctor , nurse or pharmacist is responsible for storing dacogen . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25c . after reconstitution , the concentrate must be further diluted within 15 minutes using cold infusion fluids . this prepared diluted solution can be stored refrigerated at 2 - 8 for up to a maximum of 3 hours , followed by up to 1 hour at room temperature ( 20 - 25 ) before administration . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist is responsible for disposing of any unused dacogen correctly .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not take this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer take . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . chemical and physical in use stability has been demonstrated for 60 days at 37 . from a microbiological point of view , if the product is diluted it should be transferred to the infusion pump immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 8 , unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice any discolouration or cloudiness or if particulate matter is observed . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
polivy will be stored by the healthcare professionals at the hospital or clinic . the storage details are as follows keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store the capsules in the original blister in order to protect from moisture and do not remove until immediately before use . the inhaler in each pack should be disposed of after all capsules in that pack have been used . do not use this medicine if you notice that the pack is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). keep rapamune oral solution in its original bottle in order to protect from light . once the bottle has been opened , the contents should be kept refrigerated and used within 30 days . if necessary , you may store the bottle at room temperature up to 25c for a short period of time , but no longer than 24 hours . once the dosing syringe has been filled with rapamune oral solution , it should be kept at room temperature , but not above 25c , for maximum 24 hours . once the contents of the dosing syringe have been diluted with water or orange juice , the preparation should be drunk immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the outer carton ( after exp ). the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2ºc - 8ºc ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children , preferably in a locked cupboard . accidental ingestion can be lethal for children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . bottle do not store above 25 store in the original package . keep the bottles tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . sachet do not store above 25 tell your pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the capsules . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the pen after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . not in - use pens store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or place next to the freezer compartment of your refrigerator or a freezer pack . keep the pre - filled pen in the outer carton in order to protect from light . in - use pens pre - filled pens in use or carried as a spare may be stored for a maximum of 4 weeks not above 25 and away from direct heat or direct light . do not use it after this time period . the pen in use must not be stored in a refrigerator . the pen cap must be put back on the pen after each injection in order to protect from light . remove the needle after the injection and store the pen without the needle . also , be sure to remove the needle before disposing of the pen . needles must not be re - used . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
your doctor , pharmacist or nurse knows how to store zoledronic acid teva pharma properly . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and bottle label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - the unopened bottle does not require any special storage conditions . - after opening the bottle , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 to 8ºc and 25ºc . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 . allow the refrigerated solution to reach room temperature before administration . - do not use this medicine if you notice any discolouration or particles in the solution . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater ( or household waste ). ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . vials may be stored below 25 for a single period of 14 days , but not beyond the expiry date . do not return takhzyro to refrigerated storage after storage at room temperature . do not use this medicine if you notice signs of deterioration such as particles in the vial or changed colour of the injection solution . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . the injection must not be given after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . do not refrigerate or freeze . chemical and physical stability of the suspension in the vials has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 20 - 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 20 - 25 . do not use this product if you notice discolouration or other visible signs of deterioration . if the medicine is not used right away , it should be shaken vigorously to re - suspend . once withdrawn from vial into the syringe , the suspension should be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light . use the vial immediately after its opening . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user . from a microbiological point of view , reconstitution / dilution must take place in controlled and aseptic conditions . use immediately the medicine once added into the infusion bag . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 6 hours below 25 including the one hour infusion . physical and chemical in - use stability of the infusion solution prepared as recommended has been demonstrated in non - pvc bags up to 48 hours when stored between 2 to 8 . docetaxel infusion solution is supersaturated , therefore may crystallize over time . if crystals appear , the solution must no longer be used and shall be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . - if you have any suspension left in a bottle more than 30 days after it was first opened , you should not use this medicine . please return the bottle containing any leftover suspension to your pharmacist . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . - store in the original package in order to protect from light . - after mixing ( reconstitution ) the medicine should be used immediately . if not used immediately , the solution should be stored in the refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) and used within 24 hours . - do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear to opalescent or contains particles . - any unused medicine must be discarded after the dose has been injected . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the vaccine contained in the oral applicator should be administered promptly . if the reconstituted vaccine is not used within 24 hours , it should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines your child no longer uses . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after ' exp '. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vials store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). reconstituted and diluted solutions the reconstituted solution cannot be stored and should be promptly diluted . the diluted solution can be held for up to 24 hours at 2 8 . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the reconstituted solution is stable for 2 days when stored at 2 8 . if the medicine is not used immediately , the user preparing this medicine is responsible for storage times and conditions to ensure sterility of the product . storage would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 8 .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton or sachet after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 8 ). once you have received veltassa , it can be stored below 25 for up to 6 months . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
