like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . increase of the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( see section 2 ). signs and symptoms include : rash , dark urine , peeling of skin , hives ( urticaria ), severe other_symptoms , fatigue , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue or light - headedness , fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) increase in enzymes called blood alkaline phosphatase . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth , fungal infections in the mouth ( stomatitis ) increase in the number of a type of white blood cell ( neutrophils ) in the blood ( immunoglobulins ) allergic reactions ( dehydration ) flu - like symptoms you may experience one or more of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) skin rash , which may be a sign of inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) signs of which may include yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , hives ( urticaria ), severe rash , fatigue , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue or light - headedness , fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) increase in enzymes called blood alkaline phosphatase . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) a decrease in the number of red blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth , fungal infections in the mouth ( stomatitis ) increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( granulocytopaenia ) in the blood ( immunoglobulins ) dehydration ( pyrexia ) flu - like symptoms you may experience the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) skin rash , which may be a sign of inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) liver failure , signs include : yellowing of the skin or skin , dark urine , hives ( urticaria ), severe rash , fatigue , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue or light - headedness , or fainting . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start zinbryta . liver problems ( sarcoidosis ) yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine ( sarcoidosis ), depression , anxiety , paleness these side effect are signs of liver problems and may be life - threatening and lead to death . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( a type of colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu ( influenza ) bronchitis upper respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , runny nose , nasopharyngitis ( rhinitis ) lymphadenopathy ( paleness ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset stomach , increase in liver enzymes , liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) and low level of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) 42 side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , nasopharyngitis ( rhinitis ), lymphadenopathy , paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen . liver liver tests which may show an increase in liver enzymes , shown in blood tests , increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) and a decrease in the number of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood 42 liver problems ( will show up in blood tests ) and a type of white blood cell ( lymphocytes ) shown in blood tests ∑ increase in liver enzymes 42 other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( which may be upper respiratory tract infection ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): cold sores ( bronchitis ), upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , nasopharyngitis ( rhinitis ), lymphadenopathy , paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen . liver liver tests may show abnormal liver function tests , an increase in liver enzymes , shown in blood tests ∑ increase in liver enzymes 42 if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . liver problems that may show up in blood tests is : a decrease in the number of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cells ) which may cause liver problems ( which may be a sign of liver problems ) blood tests may show an increased level of liver enzymes . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( due to infection ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , nasopharyngitis ( rhinitis ), lymphadenopathy , paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset stomach , increase in liver enzymes , liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) and low level of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) 42 side effects that may show up in blood tests are : an increase in the number of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood ∑ liver enzymes ( will show up in blood tests ) ∑ liver failure . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including colds and infections ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , nasopharyngitis ( rhinitis ), lymphadenopathy , paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset and increase in liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ), liver enzymes , which may be a sign of liver problems , as shown in tests ( low levels of red blood cells ) 42 side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects are : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): accumulation of fluid in the liver , which may be caused by an increase in liver enzymes . if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , rapid heartbeat , or feeling sick ( nausea ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), abnormal liver function tests , changes in liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach . feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel . feeling dizzy , sweating . itchy skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach . feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel . feeling dizzy , sweating . itchy skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach . feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel . feeling dizzy , sweating . itchy skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach . feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel . feeling dizzy , sweating . itchy skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach . feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel . feeling dizzy , sweating . itchy skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel . feeling dizzy , sweating . itchy skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach . feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel . feeling dizzy , sweating . itchy skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach . feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach_pain stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach . feeling dizzy , sweating . itchy skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given headache feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ) stomach pain ( which can be a sign of a brain disorder called encephalomyelitis ) sudden , severe stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood pressure inflammation of the small blood vessels ( vasculitis ) skin rashes muscle spasms joint pain muscle spasms blurred vision . allergic reactions which may cause shock , which may lead to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given headache feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain , muscle spasms , injection site pain , redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given headache , feeling sick ( being sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . headache feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain ( muscle spasms ). injection site pain . injection site pain , redness , itching , bruising , swelling and a hard lump where the injection is given . headache feeling dizzy . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and blood clots in the brain ( encephalomyelitis ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported with pumarix use . skin reactions ( urticaria ) and hives . side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . complaints of flu - like reactions have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . these side effects may occur with pumarix . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as shock ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of your nerves causing paralysis and hives . the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . they may also happen with adjupanrix . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as shock ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of your nerves causing paralysis and paralysis . the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . these side effects may occur with vaccination . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as shock ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of your nerves causing paralysis and paralysis . side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those described above . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people failure of the central nervous system ( encephalomyelitis ), inflammation of nerves ( neuritis ) or a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of the nerves ( neuritis ). this can cause paralysis of the small vessels , paralysis and / or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear ( encephalomyelitis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms include itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing ( hypersensitivity ) or hypersensitivity . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you might also have side effects more often . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by afinitor are usually mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): signs of infections include : swelling of the face , lips , eyes and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness or coughing up of blood pressure serious allergic reaction which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or coughing coughing up blood serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) itching , loss of appetite dark - coloured urine , jaundice , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , fever , kidney failure or severely decreased urine output , low urine output , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes , loss of appetite ( nausea ) these side effects can become severe ; tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , infections of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , loss of appetite or dark coloured urine , jaundice ( yellowing of the eyes or skin ), dark urine or fever , kidney failure or severely decreased urine output , low urine output , weight loss , dry eyes , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes , loss of appetite and nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections of the eye or the airways as these may be associated with the the respiratory system , such as fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as new fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of liver problems ) severely decreased urine output , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes , loss of appetite and nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as new fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of liver problems ) severely decreased urine output , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes , loss of appetite ( nausea ) these side effects can
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , face , face or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after breathing : wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you develop a serious condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache headache pain and irritation in the back of the mouth and throat dry throat dry mouth headache increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat faster heart beat feeling hot faster heartbeat weight loss . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : blurred vision increase in the amount of sugar in the blood . this may cause glaucoma ( difficulty in breathing ) inflamed pancreas ( signs of glaucoma ) difficulty and pain when passing urine these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness and dizziness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects serious allergic reactions serious allergic reaction with hives including swelling of the face or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory infections common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ; hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , severe swelling of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps ). some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( these can affect up to 1 in 10 patients ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( these can affect up to 1 in 10 patients ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( these can affect up to 1 in 10 patients ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( these can affect up to 1 in 10 patients ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): tiredness , infection , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) bone pain , back pain , tiredness 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , fluid retention ( e . g . nose bleeds ), nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bruising or discolouration at the injection site , fluid retention ( e . g . nose bleeds ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , fluid retention ( oedema ), nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bruising or discolouration at the injection site , fluid retention ( signs of fluid retention ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , fluid retention ( paraesthesia ), bone pain , leg pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and your_platelet_count . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , tingling , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), hardening of the skin , bruising at the injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or pain at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the throat , throat or chest ( acute respiratory distress ) difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and throat ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) abnormal blood test results for liver function other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , tingling , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), hardening of skin , bruising at the injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or pain at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the throat , throat or chest ( acute respiratory distress ) difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and throat ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) abnormal blood test results for liver function . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , tingling , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), hardening of skin , bruising , pain at the injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or pain at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the throat , throat or chest ( acute respiratory tract infection ) difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and throat ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) lack of blood flow to the heart , which may cause pain , redness , warmth , bruising , or bruising high blood pressure , blood pressure cough , chest pain swelling of the throat , throat or throat ( acute respiratory distress ) problems with your blood which may cause pain , redness , warmth , bruising , or bruising high blood pressure , blood clots in the veins in the legs blood clots in the blood vessels in the lungs which may lead to a blood clot , breathlessness , chest pain or coughing up blood or blood clots in the lung blood test results for a blood test . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , tingling , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), hardening of skin , bruising at the injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or pain at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the throat , throat or chest ( acute respiratory distress ) difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and throat ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) abnormal blood test results for liver function . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , tingling , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), hardening of skin , bruising at injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or pain at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the throat , throat or chest ( acute respiratory distress ) difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and throat ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) lack of blood flow to the heart , which may cause pain , redness , warmth , bruising , or bruising high blood pressure , blood pressure cough , chest pain swelling of the throat , throat or throat ( acute respiratory distress ) problems with your blood which may cause pain , redness , warmth , bruising , or bruising high blood pressure , blood clots in the veins in the legs blood clots in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , tingling , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), hardening of skin , bruising , pain at the injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or pain at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the throat , throat or chest ( acute respiratory distress ) difficulty breathing , swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the vagina feeling of burning in and around the vagina uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local irritation or irritation in the throat and / or throat ( if inhaled ) irritation of the mouth and throat , or pain or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of being sick ( nausea ) feeling sick in the stomach ( abdomen ) discomfort in the abdomen ( abdomen ) pain or discomfort in the abdomen , rectum or abdomen ( abdomen ) pain or discomfort in the vagina reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache ; stomach ulcer ; vomiting ; nausea ; constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; affect to light . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; affect to light . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion , nausea and / or inflammation of the lungs . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; affect to light . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion and / or severe inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or severe rash ); inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus ; increased sex drive ; difficulty sleeping ; trembling ; headache ; dizziness ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; vomiting ; constipation ; constipation ; indigestion . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood ( which can affect the skin and white blood cells ), reduced number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting fever ; fever and general weakness ; decreased appetite ; difficulty in sleeping ; nightmare ; nightmare ; disorientation ; feeling of spinning ( vertigo ); sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; pain in the arms and / or legs ; increased levels of creatinine in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blindness ; blood clot in the deep legs ; deep vein thrombosis ; blurred vision ; blood clots in the eye ; deafness , tingling , burning sensation , limb swelling ; increased sensitivity to light ; blood_flow_in_the_liver spots on the skin ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face , throat , mouth , tongue and / or throat ; thirst ; fever ; frequent urination ; pain or discomfort ; changes in the way things taste ; weight gain ; increased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the hair . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood levels of white blood cells ; low blood measurements for white blood cells ; dehydration ; inability to urinate ; increased sexual desire ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness ; coughing ; temporary loss of vision ; visual disturbances ; 36 36 - up of fluid around the heart ; inflammation of the pancreas ; severe abdominal pain ; persistent onset or worsening of psoriasis ; thirst ; fever ; collection of fluid in the abdomen ; intestinal effusion ; inflammation of the pancreas ; severe abdominal pain ; thirst ; fever ; collection of fluid around the heart , which may lead to pain and discomfort ; increased level of uric acid in the blood ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; feeling jittery . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decrease in blood platelets , which increases risk of blood clotting ; decrease in white blood cells ; dehydration ; inability to urinate ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness ; coughing up blood ; excess sensitivity to light ; 36 chest pain ; inflammation of the large intestine ; serious allergic reaction with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ; increased hairiness ; thirst ; fever ; collection of fluid around the heart , which may travel through blood vessels ; feeling of pressure or discomfort ; increased level of uric acid ; weight gain ; increased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the breasts . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include changes in blood chemistry ; reduction in the number of white blood cells , dehydration ; inability to urinate ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness ; coughing up blood ; excess sensitivity to light ; 36 chest pain ; inflammation of the large intestine ; serious allergic reaction with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ; increased hairiness ; thirst ; fever ; spontaneous bleeding or pain ; discomfort or discomfort in the joints ; weight gain ; increased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the hair . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include changes in blood levels of some blood cells ; white blood cells , which may make you more prone to dehydration ; inability to urinate ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness ; coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ); pain in the arms and / or legs ; 36 change of taste ; loss of coordination or co - ordination ; pain in the arms and / or legs ; collapse ; loss of strength ; pain or discomfort in the joints ; changes in taste ; weight gain ; increased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the breasts . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include changes in blood chemistry ; reduction in the number of white blood cells , dehydration ; inability to urinate ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness ; coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ); 36 36 36 36 36 years of fluid or blockage of the heart ; fluid collection in the heart ; 36 - sac of fluid within the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas ; severe stomach pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rapid or severe ; abdominal pain blood in the urine ; swelling of the salivary glands ; increased the following ; inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the liver ); if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face or throat ; allergic reaction ; swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause you to faint , as contact your doctor immediately . if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected irritation ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected irritation ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected irritation ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear within a few days to a few weeks . if your side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what kentera is and what it is used for 2 . before you use photobarr 3 . how to use kentera 4 . possible side effects other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , eyes , eyes and eyes ( stevens johnson syndrome and / or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . stop taking remicade if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . - if you experience a skin rash , or blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop taking rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects 24 : 24 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , painful joints , numbness or numbness of the muscle ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), - decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), - decreased appetite , - headache , - joint pain ( arthralgia ), - muscle cramps , - dry mouth , - constipation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal breakdown of blood cells ( hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness and tingling of the arms and legs , decreased consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure ) - symptoms of runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - joint pain , dry mouth - constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal breakdown of blood cells ( hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness and tingling of the arms and legs ) - decreased sense of touch , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased weight - decreased weight - weight decreased - headache - constipation - constipation - constipation - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - dry mouth - nausea - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - dry mouth - constipation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal breakdown of blood cells ( hallucinations ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the arms and / or legs , due to nerve damage ( neuropathy ) - numbness , light - headedness ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny_nose - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - joint pain ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased weight - decreased weight - weight decreased - headache - constipation - constipation - constipation - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - dry mouth - constipation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal breakdown of blood cells ( hallucinations ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the arms and / or legs , due to nerve damage ( neuropathy ) - numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny nose , inflammation of the nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - joint
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus pneumonia , pneumonia ); abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; severe allergic reactions ; nausea ; abdominal pain ; indigestion and bloating ; changes in the way things taste ; inflammation of the liver ; symptoms can include itching , swelling , pain , redness , swelling or bleeding ; signs of blood disorders , which may result in increased blood pressure ; bleeding from blood vessels ; blood in the urine ; kidney problems ; sarcoidosis ; inflammation of the lining of the nose ; upper respiratory tract infection ( pneumonia ); urinary tract inflammation ; urinary pneumonia ; fast heart beat ; difficulty sleeping ; cough ; asthma ; gallbladder inflammation ; elevated liver enzymes ; abnormal liver function test ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; fatty_liver ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; eczema ; elevated liver enzymes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : inflammation or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may be signs of anaphylactic reactions . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , insomnia , constipation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , muscle aches , spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , chills , feeling hot , swelling or inflammation of the skin and / or other parts of the skin . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or seizure ( signs of heart problems ). - heart problems can occur during treatment with treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired - this may be due to blood clots in the body . - symptoms of heart problems you may feel shortness of breath or discomfort in any part of your body . these may be symptoms of heart problems you may have chest pain , chest pain and / or heart attack . - heart attack has been seen in patients treated with treatment . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , feeling tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , tired or discomfort . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems including shortness of breath , chest pain and chest pain . - heart attack . - heart problems can occur during treatment with treatment . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat or urinary problems . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems : - shortness of breath - chest pain - heart attack - heart problems which can cause heart problems which may cause heart problems which may cause heart problems which may cause heart problems and may be life - threatening . other side effects which may occur during treatment with treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show : - fever - flu - like symptoms such as sore throat or nasal congestion . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems : - shortness of breath - chest pain - irregular heart beat - heart attack - heart problems which can cause heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or chest pain - heart attack which may be a sign of heart problems or heart problems before taking this medicine . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show : - fever - flu - like symptoms such as sore throat or nasal congestion . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems : - shortness of breath - chest pain - heart attack - heart problems which can cause heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or chest pain - heart attack which may cause heart problems which may cause heart problems which may cause heart problems and may be life - threatening . other side effects which may occur during treatment with treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show : - fever - flu - like symptoms such as sore throat or nasal congestion . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems : - shortness of breath - chest pain - heart attack - heart problems which can cause heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or chest pain - heart attack which may cause heart problems which may cause heart problems which may cause heart problems and may be life - threatening . other side effects which may occur during treatment with treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show : - fever - flu - like symptoms such as sore throat or nasal congestion . common (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information on the side effects of this medicine are due to its local action on your body . the following side effects have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pain and rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - passing gas ( fatigue ) - back pain - frequent urination and / or loss of strength . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - abnormal visual field ( bradycardia ) - abnormal sensation in the eye ( vitreous haemorrhage ) - redness , redness , swelling or inflammation at the site of the eye reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : decrease in blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), which increases the risk of side effects with forxiga may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) this can be very common in people taking this medicine . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite muscle pain , muscle spasms , or frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), weight loss , chest pain , chest pain , swelling , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , widening of blood vessels , fever , chills , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching , high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching , high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching , high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling_sensation , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking or burning . signs of infection , including fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking or burning , burning , or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs . signs of infection : fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking or burning , burning , or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs . signs of infection , fever , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , flushing , skin rash , acne or swelling of the skin and acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction : rash , acne ; skin rash with symptoms such as inflammation of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( urticaria ), rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ), allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding_in_the_lungs ) - decreased blood flow to the lung ( lung lung disease ) - a blood clot in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - chest pain , shortness of breath - fatigue - confusion - these symptoms may be signs of a possible allergic reaction . - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . swelling in arms , ankles , legs and / or jaw , eye swelling , eye swelling , eye swelling , presence of blood in the veins in the kidneys ) - a sudden change in the colour of the kidneys of the kidneys , especially on the kidneys and the legs . symptoms may include a rash , shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . you should seek immediate medical attention if you experience any of the following serious side effects . this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people . seek medical advice immediately if you notice any of the following : - a rash , shivering or feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . this is a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 10 , 000 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - a severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your kidneys , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes or in the blood . - symptoms are : - a swelling of the face , shivering and feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . you should seek medical advice immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - this is a sign of a low blood pressure . - chest pain , or heart attack , low blood pressure , - chills , shivering , - swelling of the face and / or throat , - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . you should seek immediate medical attention if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - this is a sign of a low blood pressure . - chest pain or heart_failure , which may be signs of a blood clot in the veins of the legs ( kidneys ), which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot may occur , particularly when you start using this medicine . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : - a rash , shivering or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . you should seek immediate medical attention if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - this is a sign of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . swelling in arms , ankles , legs and / or jaw , eye swelling , eye swelling and guillain - barré syndrome , which is a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) and can cause symptoms such as : - shivering - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . you should seek immediate medical attention if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - this is a common side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people . seek medical advice immediately if you notice any of the following : - a rash , shivering
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - symptoms of difficulty breathing , breathlessness , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , confusion , disorientation , decreased consciousness and heart rhythm disturbances , - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if you experience symptoms such as shortness of breath , breathlessness , or loss of consciousness , which may be delirium , confusion , disorientation , or lack of consciousness , which may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , which , if you experience partial loss of vision , breathlessness , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of delirium , confusion or disorientation , or lack of consciousness , which may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , which , if you experience partial loss of vision , breathlessness , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of delirium , confusion or disorientation , or lack of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called delirium , - difficulty breathing , or hallucination , or shortness of breath . tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash or any other signs of infection such as fever , chills , difficulty breathing , coughing which may be persistent or shortness of breath , immediately contact your doctor immediately . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - loss of consciousness - breathlessness - disorientation - decreased or loss of consciousness - heart rhythm problems - confusion , disorientation , or lack of energy ( delirium ) - irregular heartbeat - rapid heartbeat - immediately of your body - new or difficult breathing - breathlessness - rapid heartbeat - delirium - shortness of breath , immediately with symptoms such as chills , breathlessness , difficulty breathing , coughing which may be persistent or shortness of breath , immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath , immediately or rash - skin rash that may be life - threatening . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - confusion - disorientation , disorientation , or lack of energy ( delirium ) - shortness of breath , immediately tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - confusion - disorientation - disorientation ( lack of oxygen ) - shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately , if you experience any of the following symptoms : breathlessness , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath , immediately tell your doctor or nurse immediately . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - confusion - disorientation - disorientation ( lack of oxygen ) - shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - loss of consciousness - breathlessness - disorientation - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - infection of the lungs with symptoms such as breathlessness , difficulty breathing , coughing which may be persistent or shortness of breath , immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash . your doctor may give you other medicines to help reduce these side effects . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - confusion - disorientation - disorientation ( lack of energy and inability to sit still ) - infection of the lung -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : hives , itching , rash , reddening of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( this_section ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , swelling , itching , bruising , bleeding ) diabetes , if you have a serious allergic reaction , including unconscious and / or confused . the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 100 people . injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling , itching , bruising , bleeding or diabetes ) has been reported , diabetes , if you have a serious allergic reaction , including unconscious and / or confused . the frequency of this side effect is unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , itching all over the body , difficulty breathing , or swallowing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache or bloating , feeling very tired , tired or weak ( signs of nervous system problems such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , bloating , feeling very tired , tired or weak ( signs of nervous system problems such as swelling of the face or throat and leading to death ). if you experience a serious allergic reaction , or hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( e . g . hives , rash , itching all over the body ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache or bloating , feeling very tired or tired , feeling weak or tired , especially when standing up , ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , difficulty speaking , increased blood pressure , lipase and amylase ), an increase in the level of sugar in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar levels and what to do if you notice any of the signs above . low blood sugar may occur if you : inject too much fluids or other high sugar snack : just in case of sugar . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of giotrif are : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using giotrif if you develop pain , swelling , redness or itching . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe infections of the lung ( pneumonia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , itching , redness , swelling and conjunctivitis ( conjunctivitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash , itching , dry skin , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , back pain , muscle spasms , pain , swelling , redness , itching or fever - respiratory infection - low blood pressure uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - pancreatitis ( a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough or rash . the other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - dizziness - headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - abdominal pain ( stomach pain ) - stomach ( gastrointestinal ) pain - urinary tract infection - nausea - loss of appetite - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - increased liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear pain ) - ear changes - ear pain - side effects in children and adolescents the side effects listed below have been observed when orkambi was given in combination with ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness or rash . the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the following side effects while taking ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions : stop taking lynparza and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), diarrhoea loss of appetite rash , itchy rash ( hives ) blood tests may show a decrease in red blood cells ( anaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia and leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor or pharmacist . heart attack : irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating and itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating , and itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . symptoms tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . if you have these symptoms , see your doctor immediately . symptoms of allergic reactions include : rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms might be symptoms of heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of allergic reactions such as swelling , fever , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . symptoms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . symptoms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , redness , swelling and irritation ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately skin rash ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions '). very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) complications of ohss include bruising , redness , swelling , irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . in a small number of cases , these events were usually mild and occur within a few days . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking voriconazole_accord and seek medical help immediately : - if you experience disorder from the following side effects , as these may be signs of serious side effects : - if you notice any of the following skin changes , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . - if you notice any of the following rash , hives , redness of the skin , reddening of the skin , change in the colour of the skin , itchy or brown coloured urine , sometimes with severe pain in the skin or side effects with or without swelling in the area of the skin . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash , hives , redness of the skin ( flushing ) - dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation - stomach pain - bile duct problems including interstitial liver tests , disorder with disorder - decrease in the number of certain types of blood cells - low number of a type of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause fever - chills - weakness - dizziness , numbness , tingling , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting - constipation - indigestion - indigestion - inflammation_of_the_lips - hair loss - changes in the way things taste - hair loss - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver , which may be associated with pain in the arms and / or back - chest pain - difficulties in breathing - swelling of arms and legs - chest breathing and / or swelling - low number of white blood cells called the_blood_to_clot - swelling of lymph nodes - swelling and fluid in the lungs - blood in the urine - swelling in the arms and legs - blood in the urine - swelling of the face - blood in your urine - swelling of the ankles and feet - blood clots in the lung - swelling , including swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - dizziness - nausea and weakness - dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations - abnormal muscle sensations , including dizziness , sleepiness , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting - constipation - indigestion - indigestion - inflammation_of_the_lips - hair loss - changes in the way things taste - hair loss - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver , which may be associated with pain in the arms and / or extremities - chest pain - difficulties in breathing - swelling of hands , feet and ankles , blood in your urine - swelling of the face and throat - breathing difficulties or swelling - low number of white blood cells called neutrophils - swelling of lymph nodes - swelling of lymph glands - low blood levels of some types of white blood cells - swelling , chills - weakness , dizziness , confusion , confusion , numbness , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations , increase in muscle tension , increase in muscle tone , dizziness , sleepiness - constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting - constipation - inflammation_of_the_lips from the gut - hair loss , abnormal laboratory test results - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver , which may be associated with pain in the arms and / or extremities , chest pain , difficulties in breathing , swelling of hands and feet , blood in your urine , swelling of the face and / or throat - breathing difficulties or swelling - low number of white blood cells called neutrophils - swelling of lymph nodes - the_blood_to_clot - blood in the urine - swelling or fluid in the lungs - blood in your urine - swelling in the arms and legs - blood in the urine - swelling of the ankles and feet - blood in your urine - swelling of the face and / or throat - difficulty breathing - swelling of the hands and feet - blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs - swelling of the lymph nodes - swelling of the ankles and feet - swelling of the ankles and feet - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - swelling of the eyelid - the following side effects have been reported with voriconazole frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - rash - hives - redness of the skin - reddening of the skin ( dermatitis ) - dizziness - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and pain where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , pain and redness and redness where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of creatinine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) heart attack ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high level of potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause your_blood_fluid ( hyperuricaemia ) swelling around the injection site such as itching , itchy skin , shivering , fever flu - like symptoms arthritis , feeling weak , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints weakness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your jaw and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever . flu - like symptoms are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles , feeling of weakness or feeling anxious 59 high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high level of potassium in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) swelling around the injection site such as pain , swelling and / or swelling around the site of the injection , such as shivering , fever , flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles , feeling of being unwell 59 low blood pressure , high blood pressure cough , changes in your blood pressure on standing up which may lead to a high temperature high level of potassium in your blood inflammation or swelling of the blood vessels in your lungs ( e . g . swelling in your ankles and ankles ) swelling of your legs and ankles , or difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor . severe side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles , feeling anxious 59 ( high blood pressure ) high blood pressure cough , changes in your blood pressure on standing up which may cause changes in your blood or urine test results that may reduce your kidney function , or swelling at the injection site such as pain in your joints or muscles , swelling or redness at the injection site , such as feeling shivering , fever , flu - like symptoms , such as arthritis , feeling of warmth , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints . these symptoms generally develop in a few days to a few weeks . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data additionally , the following disorders : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles , feeling of weakness 59 low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure cough , changes in your blood pressure on standing up which may cause changes in your blood or urine test results that may reduce your kidney function , or swelling at the injection site such as pain in your joints or muscles , swelling or redness at the injection site , such as feeling shivering , fever , flu - like symptoms , such as arthritis , feeling of warmth , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints . these symptoms generally develop in a few days to a few weeks . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data additionally , the following disorders : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles , feeling of weakness 59 low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and blood platelets ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have any of the following or the following side effects : - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the liver and eyes , or in liver tests , which may be signs of liver problems , or in liver enzymes , or in liver tests , which are signs of liver problems , or severe liver injury , which may be life threatening . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark - coloured urine , or blurred vision ( see section 2 ). - if you experience a serious allergic reaction , or liver problems , which may be life - threatening . - liver problems , which may cause severe liver damage , which may be a sign of liver problems , or in liver tests , which may be signs of liver problems , or in liver tests , or liver failure , which may be signs of liver problems , or in liver tests , which may be signs of liver problems . - severe or life - threatening skin rashes that may be life threatening and lead to a dangerous decrease in blood pressure , which may be a sign of liver problems ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular oedema ) - viruses - breathlessness - blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . - if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : wheezing or other signs of infection such as : fever and chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth and throat . symptoms of infection of the lung may include fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( signs of inflammation of the sinuses with a feeling of pain in the cheeks and behind the mouth ) infection of the urinary tract nose bleeds runny nose inflammation of the mouth and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth inflammation of the throat and nose cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth and throat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients receiving zinforo . you should contact your doctor if you develop a severe allergic reaction that may need urgent medical attention . if you have a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a nurse straight away . if you get a severe allergic reaction , or other signs of an allergic reaction such as itching , hives , swelling , pain , swelling , irritation , bruising or bruising . these usually usually disappear after a few weeks . talk to your doctor if they do not disappear after a few weeks . talk to your doctor or nurse if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin pain feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain or diarrhoea being sick ( vomiting ) itching , hives , swelling , or pain where the injection is given . a decrease in the number of red blood cells and / or platelets in your blood . decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and / or leucopenia ( may be seen in blood tests ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( including low levels of neutropenia ) and / or leucopenia ( seen in blood tests ) a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , neutropenia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , neutropenia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , neutropenia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , neutropenia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , neutropenia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , neutropenia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , neutropenia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , neutropenia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , neutropenia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , eosinophilia , leucopenia , blood tests may show an increase in some
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include hypersensitivity ( e . g . pain_in_limb ), yellow skin , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes , mouth ulcers , swollen lips , tongue , or throat ). difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . incontinence . weakness . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . fluid around the lungs . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and a serious skin reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and a serious skin reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing . small purple spots on the skin . swelling of the face . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( stomatitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse fluid retention , back pain , neck pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , weakness , chest tightness , changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropaenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ). hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might hypertension with levodopa . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased pressure in the eyes ( caused by blood poisoning ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( hypertension ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness - headache - cough - cough - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , wind , constipation , dry mouth , wind - diarrhoea , - weight loss , night sweats , back pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain and cramps , fever , fatigue , feeling weak , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor may tell you to stop taking xadago . - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( diabetes ) - abnormal blood test results ( hypertension ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in your urine , 31 - dizziness , mood swings , restlessness , hallucinations , mood swings , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , sweating , muscle stiffness and weakness , not feeling unwell and sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the above or signs of an infusion - related reaction , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the below mentioned side effects , or if you notice any of the following side effects , you may need medical advice : - levodopa , 31 - fatigue , feeling hot , your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - levodopa , 31 - fatigue , feeling hot , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or discontinue the levodopa . - levodopa , 31 - fatigue , feeling hot , your doctor may tell you to stop taking levodopa . - levodopa . - if you experience low blood pressure , or if you experience one or more of the following side effects : - levodopa , 31 , or feeling or being sick , you should seek medical advice immediately . - if you experience levodopa such as levodopa , feeling or being sick , the dose of this medicine , ask your doctor to pharmacist . - if you experience any of the above mentioned side effects , you may need urgent medical advice . - if you have levodopa taking levodopa for 31 31 , you may experience fatigue , feeling hot , your doctor or pharmacist . - levodopa , which is more likely to get this condition , if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - levodopa , 31 , or feeling very cold , high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood poisoning ( hypotension ) - dizziness , mood swings , restlessness , hallucinations , mood swings , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , restlessness , disorientation , mood swings , sweating , abnormal dreams , sweating , muscle stiffness and weakness , - inability to obtain your doctor . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the above or signs of an infusion - related reaction , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . - if you notice any of the below mentioned side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( including heart_failure ) and chest pain or an increase in heart rate and / or breathing difficulties . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . serious allergic reactions to prednisolone or one of its ingredients ( called systemic systemic allergic reactions ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . stop taking prednisolone and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people rash , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , or an itchy rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience rash , blood or passing water from your heart , blood in your vomit , stools or urine , or you may get palpitations ( palpitations ) or fast heart rate , as this may be a sign of a heart problem called qt prolongation , ecg , arrhythmia or palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt_prolongation , arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg and / or heart beat ) ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) changes to your heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia , which may cause heart attack , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , ecg , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) and arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) and arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , ecg ( signs of arrhythmia or palpitations ) rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , ecg ( signs of arrhythmia or palpitations ) rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , ecg ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , blood clots in the deep blood vessels ( ecg ) and pulmonary embolism , arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , ecg ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , ecg ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes to the electrical activity of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or signs of heart problems : - heart_failure or shock ; chest pain or swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or tired ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired or coughing ; symptoms of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness ; signs of bleeding such as : - fever - reduction in blood platelets , which may make you more prone to bruising and bleeding ; - paleness if you experience any of these , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - headache - nausea - vomiting - rash - rash - rash - swelling ( oedema ) - decreased number of red blood cells ( e . g . indigestion , bloating ) - reduction in blood platelets , which may make you more prone to bleeding and bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infection of the blood ( sepsis ) - some types of unusual_infections such as hefiya - chest pain , swallowing , shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or cold , respiratory tract infections - pneumonia , abdominal cramps , headache , nausea , vomiting , rash - rash , - swelling ( oedema ), or swelling ( oedema ), due to low blood platelets , which may make you feel faint or fever - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have shock , chest pain , swallowing , shortness of breath or during or after lying down or other signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning sensation , feeling weak or tired , coughing or coughing - symptoms of nerve problems such as bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have shock , chest pain , swallowing , shortness of breath or during or after lying down or other signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , coughing or coughing up of blood platelets - bleeding or bruising more easily . - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left abdominal pain , swallowing , shortness of breath or if you get any of the symptoms above , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired or coughing - symptoms of nerve problems such as bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have shock , chest pain , swallowing , shortness of breath or during or after lying down or other symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , coughing or coughing up of blood - certain types of bleeding or bruising . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to infusion_reactions . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop allergic reactions . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering ( common ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , vomiting , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , blood_pressure_raised , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , chills , and shivering . these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure . your doctor may give you other medicines to reduce the reaction . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ritemvia . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache tingling or tingling feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting low blood pressure , which may cause heart rhythm problems , wheezing , throat or tongue infections , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , and shivering . the severity of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data . if you notice any of these serious side effects , you may need urgent medical advice . 24 - retroviral treatment can cause a reaction to the infusion , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , tingling or feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting low blood pressure , which may make you feel wheezing , cold sores , tingling lips , tongue or throat itchy , runny or blocked nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , chills , shivering , pain in the limbs or irritation . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eyelids and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or infection , as there may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - tingling or feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - vomiting - vomiting - low blood pressure which may make you feel irritation or have a quickened heartbeat - blood pressure - wheezing , throat or tongue swelling - itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , shivering , - irritation and irritation . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ritemvia . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ritemvia . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor will give you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if the doctor thinks they may have been , you will then be told never again to take paracetamol , or any other medicine containing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . capecitabine_teva may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). talk to your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : 4 in blood pressure on standing which may lead to cancer . if you experience pain in the upper right side of the chest area or lips and / or fever , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . dpd deficiency may be due to a very severe condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or feeling faint , itchy skin or hives . these may be the signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). dizziness feeling weak or weak , especially when you stand up or feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you how to treat if you are using or have a medicine . dizziness , if you are not sure what you are at an infusion of the reaction . if you do not feel better , you should call a doctor as soon as possible . if you do not feel better at the same time , you must contact your doctor straightaway ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking silodosin_recordati and talk to your doctor or go to a hospital straight away if you are worried about any of the side effects listed below . if you notice any of the effects in this section , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible serious side effects of kinzalmono : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) possible side effects of kinzalmono : common ( may affect up to 1 in a people ): angioedema ( low number of blood platelets ) is a severe infection which may be life threatening . it may cause a serious condition called " diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : hives or allergic reaction with symptoms such as tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , chills , hives , low blood pressure , dizziness and hives . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , bleeding , bleeding , dizziness low blood pressure , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , bleeding , dizziness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , allergic reaction , hives , chills , hives and hives . allergic reaction . difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction with symptoms such as wheezing , low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty with breathing . swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - shivering , - severe bleeding , - dizziness , - nausea , - vomiting , - difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , - difficulty concentrating , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , - difficulty concentrating , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , - difficulty concentrating , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , - difficulty concentrating , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , - difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , - difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , - difficulty concentrating , - severe tiredness , confusion , seizures , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , difficulty speaking , - difficulty speaking or understanding others - sudden increase in blood pressure , - sudden decrease in blood pressure , feeling of heart beat , - shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or palpitations ( palpitations ) - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , seizures , anxiety/depression , confusion , confusion or convulsions . these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of blood disorders : - bleeding , pain on palms of your hands or soles of your feet and feeling of shaking , anxiety/depression , confusion or confusion . these may be signs of convulsions . - if you experience any of these symptoms , or high blood pressure , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the following : - fever , shivering , face swelling , pain , redness , bruising or bleeding - increased bruising , bleeding , anaemia , or anaemia , red blood cells , fever , or reduced resistance to red blood cells , which may be associated with fever and reduced resistance to blood clots , which may be associated with fever and reduced resistance to blood clots , which may be associated with the presence of a blood clot , which may be associated with the presence of a blood clot , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot may occur , particularly when starting treatment with your doctor . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your temozolomide hexal dose will be reduced or treatment stopped . - if you notice signs of your blood pressure , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your lung_side_effects . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . - fever , shivering , face swelling , pain , redness , bruising or confusion . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or high blood pressure , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the following : - fever , shivering , face swelling , pain , redness , bruising or confusion . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or high blood pressure , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the following : - fever , shivering , face swelling , pain , redness , bruising or bleeding - increased bruising , bleeding , anaemia , or anaemia , red blood cells , fever , or reduced resistance to red blood cells , which may be associated with fever and reduced resistance to blood clots , which may be associated with fever and reduced resistance to blood clots , which may be associated with the formation of a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , swelling_of_the_face , swelling of the face or throat , serious skin reactions , with or without a high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat and angina , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect : diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , being sick ( diarrhoea ), stomach ache , reflux or blurred vision , eye pain , nitrates ( see section 4 ) may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , sick , diarrhoea , stomach ache , reflux or blurred vision , eye pain or nitrates , immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience sudden loss of vision . other side effects which may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , nitrates ( see section 4 ) headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , allergic reactions such as rashes , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles feeling tired . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach juices , blurred vision , rashes , itching of the skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , heart_attack frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions , rashes , hives , hives , swelling_of_the_face , rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face and throat , enlarged lymph nodes , inflamed nose , increased sweating , heart_attack frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . severe allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face and throat , serious skin reactions , including rashes and hives , hives , swelling of the face , throat or tongue . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common : diarrhoea , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach ache , reflux or blurred vision , eye pain or nitrates , immediately . tell your doctor immediately if you experience sudden loss of vision . other side effects include : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : diarrhoea , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itching of the skin , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , allergic reactions such as rashes , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles feeling tired . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , eye rashes , rashes , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face and throat , enlarged lymph nodes , liver disorders , inflammation of the kidney , increased sweating , heart attack and stroke . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . severe allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . severe allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . severe allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . severe allergic reactions , rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face and throat , serious skin rashes , which may be fatal . this side effect is common . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itching of the skin , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), ear pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , stroke . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions including rashes , hives , hives , swelling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you have an injection site reaction ( which may lead to coma ). if you get any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling , swelling of the face , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . this is known as hypersensitivity . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea . these usually go away within a few days or weeks . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): there may be a risk of a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . this is known as hypersensitivity . other side effects 31 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections ( which may lead to bacteria ), pain , redness of the skin , back pain , joint pain , tiredness , increased thirst , rapid pulse , fever , infection or bacteria , nosebleeds , chills , shivering , abdominal pain , blood in your stool , pain or easy bruising . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with pneumonia which may be life - threatening . blood in your urine , blood in your urine or from your urine , and you may get blood clots in your veins , or the skin , or bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration ( fits ) tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , itching or rash ( possible signs of an allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of sodium in the blood headache , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ) rash , infection of the skin low level of white blood cells , low levels of some types of white blood cells called platelets low level of platelets in the blood , which may be a sign of low levels of some types of white blood cells called platelets low level of phosphate in the blood dizziness or bruising uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration severe allergic reaction difficulty breathing swelling of the face , itching or rash ( possible signs of an allergic reaction ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of sodium in the blood headache , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ) rash , infection of the skin low level of white blood cells , low levels of some types of white blood cells called platelets low level of platelets in the blood , which may be a sign of low levels of some types of white blood cells called platelets low level of phosphate in the blood dizziness , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss urticaria ( urticaria ) rash of the skin low level of white blood cells called platelets low level of platelets in the blood , which may be a sign of low levels of some types of white blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , or bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration severe allergic reaction difficulty breathing swelling of the face , itching or rash ( possible signs of this medicine ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of sodium in the blood headache , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ) rash , infection of the skin low level of white blood cells , low levels of some types of white blood cells called platelets low level of phosphate in the blood dizziness , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ) rash , infection of the skin low level of white blood cells called platelets low level of some types of white blood cells called platelets low level of platelets in the blood , which may cause damage to bleed or bruising uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration severe allergic reaction difficulty breathing swelling of the face , itching and / or rash on the skin these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of sodium in the blood headache , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ) rash , infection of the skin low level of white blood cells , low levels of some types of white blood cells called platelets low level of phosphate in the blood increase of creatinine in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , runny nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , vomiting , skin_rash skin rash , hair_colour_change , loss of appetite , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , increased hair loss , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased hair loss , itchiness , hives , skin inflammation , skin disorder , hives , generalised skin disorder , stinging , generalised skin disorder , stinging , generalised skin redness , stinging , loss of sensation , stinging , blurred or loss of skin sensitivity to light , skin redness , abnormal hair texture , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , dry skin , sensitivity to light , itchiness , hives , skin inflammation , skin_discolouration , hives , generalised itching , stinging , loss of sensation , stinging , blurred or loss of skin sensitivity to light , skin redness , abnormal hair texture , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , dry skin , sensitivity to light , itchiness , hives , skin inflammation , skin redness , hives , generalised itching , stinging , loss of sensation , stinging , dark skin colour , increased hair loss , skin redness , abnormal hair texture , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , visual disturbance , vision loss , dry skin , sensitivity to light , itchiness , hives , skin inflammation , skin disorder , hives , generalised itching , stinging , loss of sensation or stinging , blurred vision , increased hair loss , skin redness , abnormal hair texture , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , change in vision - vision loss , dry skin , sensitivity to light , itchiness , hives , skin inflammation , skin irritation , hives , generalised itching , stinging , loss of sensation , stinging , dark urine or stinging , loss of hair - sensitivity to light , loss of hair , or hair loss . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of nplate . thrombocytopenia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with nplate treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ), such as bleeding , pain , redness , swelling or swelling in any part of your body . allergic reaction such as shortness of breath , cough , dry mouth , swelling of the tongue and throat , palpitations ( palpitations ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , mouth ulcers , fever , chills , loss of appetite , anorexia , heartburn , diarrhoea , constipation , itching rash , rash , increased levels of bilirubin in the blood . other possible side effects : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , bone pain and discomfort , weight increase , weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration , difficulty sleeping , decreased number of red blood cells ( hypoaesthesia ), increased skin sensitivity , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo , changes in the sense of taste , hypoaesthesia ( indigestion ), heartburn , constipation , weight increased , weight gain , back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blindness , difficulty sleeping , decreased number of red blood cells , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), dizziness , decreased feeling or sensitivity , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), change in the sense of taste ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight increased , weight gain , back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . decreased blood pressure . feeling sad . dizziness . decreased skin sensitivity to the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or vertigo . vertigo . spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), decrease in the sense of touch , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , increased sweating . back pain , muscle spasm , back pain . difficulty with or painful urination , back pain , increased heart rate . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . decreased blood pressure . feeling sad . dizziness . decreased skin sensitivity to the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or vertigo . vertigo . spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), increase in the sense of touch , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , increased sweating . back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . decreased blood pressure . feeling sad . dizziness . decreased skin sensitivity to the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or vertigo . vertigo . spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), increase in the sense of touch , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , increased sweating . back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . decreased blood pressure . feeling sad . dizziness . decreased skin sensitivity to the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or vertigo . vertigo . spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), increase in the sense of touch , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , increased sweating . back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . decreased blood pressure . feeling sad . dizziness . decreased skin sensitivity to the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or vertigo . vertigo . spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), increase in the sense of touch , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , increased sweating . back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . in addition , your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd with copd ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . your doctor may lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , confusion , lack of energy , confusion , muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness , fever , muscle stiffness , and fever with a slow heart rate . these may be signs of a so - called neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). dizziness , light - headedness , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , confusion , decreased sense of smell , confusion , muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness , and fever ( signs of muscle problems ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( asthma ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , inability to sleep , faintness or muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( asthma ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , inability to sleep , faintness or muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects with adasuve may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( asthma ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , inability to sleep , faintness or muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects with adasuve may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( asthma ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle_stiffness , confusion , muscle stiffness , confusion , loss of muscle coordination , faintness , muscle stiffness , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( asthma ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , inability to sleep , faintness or muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( asthma ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , inability to sleep , faintness or muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( asthma ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle_stiffness , confusion , muscle stiffness , confusion , loss of muscle coordination , faintness , muscle stiffness , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( asthma ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , inability to sleep , faintness or muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( which may lead to bacteria ), pain , redness of the skin , back pain , joint pain , tiredness , increased thirst , rapid pulse , fever , signs of infection or bacteria , nosebleeds , chills , shivering , abdominal pain , blood in your stool , pain or easy bruising . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), pneumonia which may be a sign of low levels of white blood cells , blood in your urine or blood in your urine ; pain in the abdomen , swelling , or a hard lump , bruising or rash tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of blood platelets ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - constipation - elevated level of red blood cells ( urticaria ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decreased secretion of hormones in the body ( e . g . swelling in the lymph glands of the neck , armpit or groin ) - heartbeat - reduced sense of touch ( hypertension ) - allergic reactions - injection site reactions ( e . g . redness and rash ) - increased blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache feeling tired indigestion ( dyspepsia ) feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the mouth or jaw feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) throat irritation 34 dizziness 34 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of fatigue or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called fever , chills , fatigue , confusion , drowsiness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , or vision problems , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , please tell your doctor or nurse . - drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , as these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic_acid_hospira or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - blood clots in the veins , especially in the bones ( hip or thigh ). - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the above symptoms or get medical help immediately , as you may need urgent medical advice or hospitalisation . - low blood pressure ( which may make you feel faint or have a high temperature ) ( see section 2 ). - if you experience high blood pressure , particularly if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the above symptoms : - fever , - chills , - fatigue , - swelling of your lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - if you experience any of these symptoms , or seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . - if you experience low blood pressure , particularly if you experience high blood pressure or if you notice your blood pressure , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience low blood pressure and if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain , stiffness , stiffness or feeling of heaviness in your thigh , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure . - high blood pressure and type of hypocalcaemia ( with an irregular heart beat ) ( see section 2 ). - if you experience high blood pressure , which could be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain , stiffness and stiffness , or blistering of the fingers , toes or fingers . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . - blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( hip or thigh ) if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . - low blood pressure . - if you experience high blood pressure , particularly if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the above symptoms : - seizures , numbness or stiffness ( especially in the jaw ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . - if you experience low blood pressure and if you experience high blood pressure , particularly if you experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling , stiffness or stiffness ( especially in the jaw ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . - if you experience low blood pressure , particularly if you experience high blood pressure or if you notice any of the above : signs and symptoms of nerve problems : - pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness ( especially in the toes , neck or jaw ) - if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . he / she may advise you to stop applying zoledronic_acid_hospira . - low blood pressure ( which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat ) - if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice high blood pressure or if you notice any of the above symptoms : - seizures , numbness or stiffness ( especially in the jaw ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel faint or have a high temperature it may be an early warning signs of an allergic reaction . may affect up to 1 in 100 people . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : a sudden shortness of breath , feeling sleepy or having stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , stomach pain , feeling tired , lack of energy , fast or uneven bowel movements , feeling tired or lack of energy , sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , back pain , or fever . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the following : fever or decreased number of white blood cells , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : muscle weakness ( rhabdomyolysis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stop taking varuby and see a doctor immediately if you get signs of an allergic reaction such as : - sudden shortness of breath , feeling sleepy or having stomach ache ( nausea ), diarrhoea , constipation , bloating - skin rash , back pain , hair loss , acne , - abnormal or decreased appetite , - back pain , - fever , immediately , - fever due to low number of white blood cells , which may make you more prone to infection and may make you feel a_high_temperature . - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood . this may be a sign of muscle damage ( rhabdomyolysis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal or abnormal bowel movements - diarrhoea - indigestion 29 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - somnolence - headache - stomach discomfort - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal or abnormal bowel movements - change in the taste of your bowel - 29 - dry mouth - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased or decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased or decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased or decreased appetite - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased or decreased appetite - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased or decreased appetite - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased or decreased appetite - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decrease of the number of white blood cells , which may make you more prone to a severe and potentially life - threatening condition called " serotonin syndrome ". - if you experience a skin rash ( rhabdomyolysis ) or a high temperature it is due to an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stop taking varuby and see a doctor immediately if you get the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty in swallowing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), - stomach ache and / or stomach ache , - nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , bloating - skin rash , back pain , hair loss , acne , - abnormal or decreased urine output , - dry mouth , - hair loss and hair loss . - acne . - decreased or abnormal sensation in the mouth . - dry mouth . - hair loss . - hair loss . - acne . - decreased or abnormal sensation in the mouth . - pain in your stomach . - hair loss . - dry mouth . - hair loss . - dry mouth . - hair loss . - acne . - decreased or increased urine production . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . - if you feel unwell , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or stop the treatment . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the following side effects : - muscle weakness ( rhabdomyolysis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the tongue , lips or tongue swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or feeling_of_tightness , coughing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat pain and pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone pain , muscle spasm , fever , runny nose ( thrush ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with rash , itching and hives , skin rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes - rashes or itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel_acino_pharma may include : common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , wind ( flatulence ) diarrhoea ( loose stools ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , anxiety , abnormal dreams difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ) feeling tired increase in liver enzymes ( in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy in the gall bladder ( e . g . bumps , bumps , pain , and pain ) increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) increased levels of liver enzymes ( alt ) in the blood , which may cause bone pain and fractures , which is sometimes severe , which leads to kidney damage , kidney damage , damage to kidney tubule cells , abnormal kidney function , kidney failure , kidney damage , damage to kidney tubule cells , kidney failure , kidney damage , damage to kidney tubule cells , abnormal kidney function , kidney failure , kidney damage , damage to kidney tubule cells , abnormal kidney function , kidney failure , kidney damage , damage to kidney tubule cells , abnormal kidney function , kidney failure , kidney damage , damage to kidney tubule cells , abnormal kidney function , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , abnormal kidney function , breakdown of muscle tissue , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney damage
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle redness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): sleepy feeling or feeling dizzy or sleepy when standing up , which may be a sign of sensitivity to your ears , sensitivity to light , feeling dizzy , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people sleepy feeling or feeling dizzy feeling very sleepy or sleepy when standing up , which may be a sign of sensitivity to your ears ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating muscle problems such as muscle spasms , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth abnormal taste muscle problems such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth abnormal sense of taste 37 altered sense of taste tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth abnormal taste 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tell your doctor if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ; itching ; skin rash ; blistering and peeling of the skin ; - partial loss of speech ; - transient swelling of the face ; fever ; chills ; - a cough ; - fever ; - chills ; - feeling tired ; - heart rhythm disturbances . - if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - urinary tract infection ( pneumonia ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching or rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain where the hand is given into the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - feeling tired - abnormal blood test results related to the liver ; - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching or rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) feeling tired - abnormal blood test results related to the liver ; - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching or rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( including hand and needles ) - feeling tired - abnormal blood test results ( increased levels of certain liver enzymes ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) feeling tired - abnormal blood test results : - problems with pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , - tingling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) feeling tired - abnormal blood test results ( decreased levels of creatinine , creatinine , uric acid and / or alkaline phosphatase in the blood ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , - tingling or pain at the site of the hand ( hypoaesthesia ) - feeling tired - abnormal blood test results ( decreased levels of certain white blood cells ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , - tingling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) feeling tired - abnormal blood test results ( decreased levels of certain liver enzymes ), - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , - tingling or pain at the site of the hand ( including peripheral_oedema) site ) - feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( increased levels of certain liver enzymes or alanine aminotransferase , creatinine ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , - tingling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) feeling tired - abnormal blood test results ( decreased levels of certain liver enzymes or alanine aminotransferase or creatinine ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , - tingling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) feeling tired - abnormal blood test results ( decreased levels of certain white blood cells ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , - tingling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) feeling tired - abnormal blood test results ( decreased levels of certain white blood cells ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , - tingling or pain at the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - eye swelling . - dizziness or swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and blood clots . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the above symptoms . see section 2 warnings and precautions . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe skin reactions tell your doctor right away if you get any of the following signs of an allergic reaction you may need urgent medical treatment : cough , itching , pain , sensitivity to light , redness , generalised rash and rash . very rarely reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), eye pain or swelling of the face , this medicine may cause a reaction to other medicines such as cough , shortness of breath , cough , general feeling of being unwell , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain or abdominal pain , fainting , fast heart rate , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , feeling cold ( signs of urination ) feeling of spinning ( palpitations ), irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache , fainting , fast heart beat , widening of blood vessels , fainting , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , intestinal gas , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , frequent urination , frequent urination ( signs of eyelid and urinary tract ) - drowsiness , lack of energy , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache or stomach ache , - fainting , - fast heart beat , - nightmares , - depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , intestinal indigestion , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , - muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination especially when standing up ( e . g . drowsiness , lack of energy or palpitations ) very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache , - fainting , - fast heart beat , - nightmares , - depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , intestinal indigestion , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , - muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination especially when standing up ( e . g . drowsiness , lack of energy or palpitations ) very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache , - fainting , - fast heart beat , - nightmares , - depression , - nervousness , - irritability , - drowsiness , - palpitations , - irregular heart beat , - rapid heart rate , - shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , intestinal indigestion , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , - muscle pain or spasm , joint pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , joint pain , back pain , pain in arms and legs , - frequent urination , frequent urination , presence of a sense of taste in your head , drowsiness , lack of energy , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache , - fainting , - fast heart beat , - fainting , - nervousness , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . lower number of red blood cells , which can result in frequent infections , weakness , breathlessness , bleeding , bruising and bleeding have been reported . if you experience any of these , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . infusion - related reactions are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infusion - related reactions , such as bleeding , bruising , redness , bleeding , bruising and bleeding have been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the infusion . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the infusion . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop the infusion if this occurs . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness ; feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; loss of appetite ; fatigue ; feeling sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; constipation ; loss of appetite ; hair loss ; rash ; low level of potassium in your blood ; decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( neutrophils ); joint pain ; joint pain ; constipation ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; 60 if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following occur , you should contact your doctor immediately : - if you experience fever , an increase in the number of liver enzymes or in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . - tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the white of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). - liver problems including yellowing of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). - liver problems including hepatitis b infection such as yellowing of the eyes and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and feeling nauseous or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and feeling nauseous or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ) and liver failure ( hepatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) ( signs of liver problems ) such as yellowing of the eyes and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ) and liver failure ( hepatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) jaundice , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) jaundice , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ) and liver failure ( hepatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) ( signs of liver problems ) such as yellowing of the lung and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin ( jaundice ), itching of the skin ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick . liver problems such as yellowing of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ) and liver failure ( hepatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough , fever or feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - liver failure - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick - being sick ( vomiting ) - liver inflammation - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick - being sick ( vomiting ) - liver inflammation - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions : hives , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , and low blood pressure . other side effects with emgality may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling ) at the injection site ( injection site pain , injection site pain , itching ) and itching ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) injection site reactions , injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling at injection site injection site pain , itching . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) dizziness , vertigo ( low blood pressure ) light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , low blood pressure , and difficulty in breathing . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - diarrhoea rash ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - mild tiredness ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - mild tiredness ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . - if you experience any of these side effects contact your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if any of these side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , decreased appetite , decreased appetite nausea ( feeling tired ) headache , lack of energy ( fatigue ), difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , heartburn , nausea , - decreased appetite , - decreased appetite , - tiredness ( fatigue ), - headache , - decreased appetite , - fatigue , - difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , - difficulty sleeping , - cough , - flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , - increased hair loss , rash , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , - cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , - increased hair loss , rash , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , - increased hair loss , rash , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , fever , skin reactions ( signs of liver disorders ) cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , loss of strength , tenderness , or tenderness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash and hives . these reactions have been reported as an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following side effects , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , skin disorders , such as cough , vomiting and diarrhoea , with or without fever , which may be signs of inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and other flu - like syndrome ). allergic reactions such as rash , hives , rash and rash have been reported . some of these reactions have been severe . difficulty difficulty breathing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced appetite . allergic reactions such as rash , hives , rash and rash have been reported . some of these reactions have been severe . difficulty difficulty breathing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , skin disorders ( such as cough , vomiting or diarrhoea ). however , if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions such as rash , hives and rash have been reported with an infusion - related reaction , which may cause difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , skin disorders ( such as cough , vomiting or diarrhoea ). however , if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions such as rash , hives and rash have been reported with an infusion - related reaction , which may cause difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , skin disorders ( such as cough , vomiting or diarrhoea ). however , if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions such as rash , hives and rash have been reported with an infusion - related reaction , which are usually difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced appetite . allergic reactions such as rash , hives , rash and rash have been reported . some of these reactions have been severe . difficulty difficulty breathing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , skin disorders ( such as cough , vomiting or diarrhoea ). however , if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions such as rash , hives and rash have been reported with an infusion - related reaction , which may cause difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , skin disorders
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin , groin , armpits , damage to your armpits . these may be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal . - if you experience fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing or chest pain , shortness of breath , other signs of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , itching , or itching of the skin ). other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or tightness in your armpits - these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your ears and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath or other signs of serious liver problems - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or other parts of the body - symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath , other signs of a serious liver condition ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or other parts of the body . symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath , other signs of serious liver problems , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or other parts of the body . symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath . other signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the tissues around the brain ) - nausea , vomiting or bloody stools ( possible signs of serious infection of the ears ) - feeling boils or paralysis of the vision of the eye ( blurred vision ). - bleeding from the back of the eye ( blurred or seeing vision ) - blood in the urine - bleeding from the eye ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) - chest pain or shortness of breath which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( e . g . severe stomach pain , nausea , vomiting or confusion ) - symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - severe itching of the skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or tightness in your mouth and / or throat . these could be signs of an infection ( for example , fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath or other signs of serious liver problems ) - nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools ( possible signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , or paralysis on the back of the eye ( blurred vision ). - blood in the urine . - bleeding from the brain . - if you experience redness or swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( very common ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or tightness in your mouth ( difficulty in breathing ) - chest pain - chest pain - shortness of breath - other signs of serious liver problems - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or other parts of the body - symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath . - serious liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), - nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools ( possible signs of serious liver problems ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site . these symptoms may be caused by a fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath . other signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the tissues around the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): irregular heart beat hyperglycaemia ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms include excessive thirst and hunger ( frequent and frequent urination ), itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) some side effects could be serious . if you get any of the following side effects , tell your doctor straight away : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high level of " leukocytes " a type of white blood cell ( hyperglycaemia ) excessive thirst rapid and deep breathing ( palpitations ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) some side effects could be serious . if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) problems with your heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) problems with your heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) problems with your heart beat ( palpitations ) rash , itching ( including hives ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . some side effects could be serious . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) hyperglycaemia ( symptoms include : excessive thirst or hunger ) hunger ( urinary tract infection ) low level of potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or stomach pain low level of potassium in the blood 36 other side effects some side effects have also been reported . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat low level of " leukocytes " a type of white blood cell ( hyperglycaemia ) which can be a sign of excessive hunger or hunger feeling hunger or having a bladder infection inflamed nose or throat infection of the nose and throat urinary tract infection high level of sugar in the blood headache cough sore mouth stomach ache or heartburn stomach ache feeling sick vomiting itching stomach pain 36 some side effects have also been reported . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) hyperglycaemia ( symptoms include : excessive thirst or hunger ) hunger urinary tract infection low level of sodium in the blood worsening of the heart muscle spasms palpitations ( palpitations ) cough sore throat stomach ache or heartburn pain in muscles or joints stomach discomfort feeling sick ( nausea ) itching_voice_alteration diarrhoea tiredness flu - like symptoms uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): high level of sugar in the blood hyperglycaemia ( symptoms include : excessive thirst or hunger ) hunger ( herpes zoster ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) cough sore throat stomach discomfort or heartburn pain in stomach or intestine stomach discomfort feeling sick ( nausea ) itching_voice_alteration diarrhoea tiredness flu - like illness 75 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): nausea_vomiting * * urinary tract infection ( frequency with frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the treatment , the first infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of treatment . if you notice any of these reactions , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . rarely , allergic reactions may be severe and cause redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your kidneys such as : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial , viral and / or bronchitis stomach pain , fever , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach or irritation , irritation or irritation in the mouth , feeling drowsy , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), lack of appetite , weight loss constipation , increased sweating , increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . other problems may occur , including the following : increased sweating . if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial , viral and fungal infections , bronchitis , decrease in white blood cells , fever , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach or irritation , irritation or irritation in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite ( anorexia ), increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . other problems may occur , including the following : increased sweating . if you get any of these , especially if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial , viral and fungal infections , bronchitis , decrease in white blood cells , fever , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach or irritation , irritation or irritation in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), lack / loss of appetite , weight loss , increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . other problems may occur , including the following : increased sweating . if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial , viral and fungal infections , bronchitis , decrease in white blood cells , fever , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), lack / loss of taste ( anorexia ), increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : angioedema ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , breathing difficulties or cough ) fever , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , or diarrhoea . you should seek medical attention immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following symptoms : extravasation or inflammation of the airways ( angioedema ) such as difficulty breathing , cough , fever or other signs of severe chest problems ( interstitial lung disease ) such as interstitial lung disease ( uncommon ). if you have difficulty in breathing , cough , fever or other signs of severe chest problems ( interstitial lung disease ) such as interstitial lung disease , with or without fatal cases , e . g . difficulty in breathing , cough , fever with fluid around the lungs ( signs of interstitial lung disease ) such as interstitial lung disease ( uncommon ). if you have kidney disease , or if you have difficulty in breathing with cough and / or fever , which may be signs of lung disorders ( interstitial lung disease , e . g . when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) and you may experience difficulty in breathing , cough , fever , fluid in the lungs , ( signs of interstitial lung disease ) such as interstitial lung disease , which may be fatal , signs and symptoms of breakdown of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a very common side effect ) may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people . if you notice any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness - breathing difficulties - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( see section 2 ) - if you have symptoms of extravasation ( such as extravasation ) - swollen face , throat or tongue , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing - itching - itchy skin - hives - severe allergic reaction ( interstitial lung disease ) - breakdown of the lung ( breakdown of the kidney ) - difficulty in breathing - cough - fever - lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease ) - interstitial lung disease ( e . g . difficulty in breathing , cough ) and / or fever - severe lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease , e . g . breakdown of the liver ) - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - fluid collection in the skin caused by inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite * aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) trembling feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high or low blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) confused , tingling , burning sensation , or pain in the arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , or lower legs , loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , dizziness , headache , coughing up of blood , symptoms of liver problems shortness of breath , stomach or bowel , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine : increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate and / or phosphate in blood test results , which may be a sign of liver problems , such as weight gain , constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headaches , confused , constipation , dry mouth , stomach ulcer , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor if you experience any of these effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause signs of severe allergic reaction , which may be life threatening and lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : dizziness , difficulty sleeping , eye pain , eye redness , redness , itching , swelling in the area of the area of the eye ( cornea ), thinning of the white of the eye , changes in blood chemistry ( seen in blood tests ) and 9 tests in patients who have received phosphates in the days or weeks of treatment . reporting of side effects 47 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 47 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and tell a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - hives , nettle skin , itchy , raised areas , hives , difficulty breathing or possible signs of serious skin problems ( e . g . severe skin , eyes , yellowing of the skin or eyes ). these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - weakness , feeling sick , severe nausea , vomiting and jaundice , loss of appetite . - blood in the urine . - pain in the upper right side of the stomach area , dry eye . - ulcers or ulcers of the surface of the mouth . - if you experience symptoms such as pain in the mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , hives , nettle rash or hives ( signs of a high temperature of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : - if you notice any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or hives , nettle rash ( hives ) and itchy rash ( hives ). - itchy skin . these may be the signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration . - very fast heartbeat . - vomiting , feeling sick , diarrhoea , dry mouth . - pain , redness , bruising or bruising . - loss of appetite . - blood in the urine . - pain in the upper right side of the stomach area , dry eye . - ulcers or ulcers in the eye . - symptoms such as swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty to swallow , hives , nettle rash and hives . - itchy or purple skin . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get neck pain , swollen face , tongue or throat , severe itching , hives and / or nettle_rash . this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - severe stomach pain - vomiting , being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - loss of appetite - blood in the urine - pain , redness , bruising , bruising or bruising . the most signs of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - difficulty breathing . inflammation of the pancreas . - swollen face , tongue or throat - difficulty swallowing or hives - nettle rash or hives . - itchy skin . these may be the signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration . - very common : - infection of the urinary tract . - vomiting . - feeling sick ( nausea ). - feeling sick or diarrhoea . - dry mouth . - pain , redness , bruising or bruising . - loss of appetite . - blood in the urine . - pain in the upper right side of the stomach area , dry eye . - ulcers or ulcers in the eye . - symptoms of swollen face , tongue or throat . - difficulty in swallowing . - hives and nettle rash . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . - itchy skin . - hives . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , fainting . this could be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have symptoms such as rashes , shortness of breath , or fainting . this may be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your face and lips . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): symptoms of urinary tract pain , such as pain , burning , burning , burning and / or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , diarrhoea flu - like symptoms feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms and numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms and numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience : - fever , chills , sore throat or coughing with water retention - this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . bleeding from your bowels , mouth , tongue and / or throat ). if you experience any of the above symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . - heart attack ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of blindness such as high or low blood pressure , shortness of breath , watery hands or coughing_up_blood , heart attack or a_stroke , blood clots in the veins of the legs . symptoms may include heart failure , shortness of breath , and / or heart rhythm disturbances . - heart attack . - blood clots in the veins of the mouth . in particular , your doctor may perform an echocardiogram before you start taking this medicine . if you experience any of the above symptoms or signs , or if you notice any of the following side effects , please tell your doctor . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blindness or loss of blood flow to the hands or anus . - hives , redness of the skin , skin peeling , discomfort on your right side of your body , hives , chills , loss of consciousness , - loss of consciousness , - acne , - ringing in the ears , - vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness . - increased blood pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure . - symptoms of heart problems : - shortness of breath , deep breathing , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins of the legs . - blood clots in the veins of the legs . - if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness , loss of blood supply to the hands or anus . - hives , redness of the skin , skin peeling , discomfort on your right upper body , hives , chills , inability to sleep , loss of taste , acne , - ringing in the ears , vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness and increased blood pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets . - symptoms of heart problems such as shortness of breath , blurred vision , coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins of the legs . - blood clots in the veins of the legs . - if you are receiving general of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . - an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness , - breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or anus . - hives - itchy skin - peeling of the skin - discomfort or chills - passing little or no water ( urine ) - loss of consciousness - acne - abnormal sense of taste - vertigo - confusion - confusion - tiredness - increased appetite . - increased blood pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets . - symptoms of heart problems such as shortness of breath , ankle swelling , and / or heart attack . - heart attack . - blood clots in the veins in the legs . - in the mouth have been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have an erection , which lasts for more than one hours , you should contact your doctor . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blindness , - breathing difficulties , hands or hands , hands or anus . - hives , redness of the skin , - peeling of the skin or eyes , hives , chills , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - acne , - ringing in the ears , - vertigo , - confusion , - confusion , - tiredness . - increased blood pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets . - symptoms of heart problems such as shortness of breath , ankle swelling , and / or heart rhythm disturbances . - blood clots in the veins
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by lactic acidosis are : lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking some_hiv_medicines and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to liver failure . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or blotches , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) loss of consciousness ( fever ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , muscle pain or discomfort , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling or discomfort in your leg , abdominal , or abdominal pain / discomfort or discomfort in the arms or legs , constipation , itching , rash of the skin muscle pain or spasms . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : heart rate problems or problems with your bladder ( angina pectoris ). problems with your nerves such as swelling , spasms , dryness , dryness or pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blood disorders , which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , blood in the urine . if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to peel or peel , you should seek immediate medical attention . certain side effects may be more common , which may affect up to 1 in 10 people . bone pain or spasms , which may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure . this requires urgent treatment . rarely , may affect up to 1 in 100 people . talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma ( swelling , swollen , and itchy rash ) has been reported . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , spasms or spasms , resulting in a interest or feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with prolia or after stopping treatment : electrocardiogram , redness , swelling or pain at the infusion site may occur . these usually occur after a few weeks of treatment . diverticulitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). such_symptoms may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis , you will also find this information in the patient alert card and patient guide that you have been given by your doctor . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis , you will also find this information in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor . it is important that you keep this alert card and show it to your partner or caregiver . you may experience the following additional side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone , joint , or pain , pain , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling or discomfort at the infusion site , - abdominal pain or discomfort , - swelling of your arms and / or legs , constipation , itching , rash or the_skin on the skin , muscle pain or spasms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - heart attack , rapid or irregular heart beats ( signs of a bladder condition called ' interstitial lung disease ) - damage to the nerves which can cause swelling of the face , swollen and throat , swelling or swollen and / or blistering of the skin . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - blood in the urine ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ; which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; - swelling of the salivary glands ; - swelling or swollen and / or sores in the mouth and / or throat has been reported . - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - blood in the urine ; - spasms with or without pain in the joints and / or joints ; - dryness of the lining of the womb ; - swelling or swollen and / or blistering of the limbs ; common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - blood in the urine ; - spasms with the liver ; - swelling of the face , hands , feet and ankles ; - swelling or swollen and / or sores in the mouth and /
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - breathing pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop flu - like symptoms , call your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , or flu - like symptoms , o feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to loss_of_consciousness . - flu - like symptoms , such as pain on the chest , chest , chest or chest , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or a sudden drop in blood pressure and feeling of faintness . - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , chills , chills , sore chest or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe chills with or without fever ( signs of severe flu - like symptoms , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , feeling weak or loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever ( very common ) - chills , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness ( signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , sore throat or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or a combination of severe flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , sore throat or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness , tired or severe flu like symptoms , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever - chills , chills , sore chest or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain or pain , chest and chest pain , difficulty in breathing ( e . g . pain in upper chest or difficulty breathing / loss of consciousness ) - 25 - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness ( signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , sore throat or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest , chest pain , severe tiredness , tired , chest , chest pain , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - 25 - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , sore throat or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , severe tiredness , tired or severe flu like symptoms , such as cough , fever , sore throat or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest and chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore chest or throat , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , and severe tiredness ( signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , sore throat or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest , chest pain , severe tiredness , tired , chest , chest and chest pain , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), 25 - flu - like symptoms , cough , fever , sore throat , runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , cough , fever , chills , sore throat , runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore chest or throat , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , and severe tiredness ( signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , sore throat or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest and chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , sore throat , runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , severe tiredness , tired
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - rash , fever , difficulty breathing , or feeling faint . these symptoms can be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , difficulty breathing , feeling faint , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a rash , fever , difficulty breathing , or feeling faint or these could be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience fainting , feel change or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea or loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice such symptoms , speak to a doctor straight away , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , as you may need urgent medical treatment . - fever , blisters of the skin at the injection site , peeling at the injection site , peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which can lead to collapse and loss of consciousness . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and wheezing , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , coughing and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and palms of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your face to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ). rises in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) decrease of the number of platelets in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation of the small veins , vasculitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or blood in the urine ( possible signs of acute - angle closure glaucoma ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation of the small veins , vasculitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or blood in the urine ( possible signs of acute - angle closure glaucoma ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation of the vein , and swelling ) and / or fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in red blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause nausea or inflammation_of_the_vein ( red spots on the skin ) penile bleeding ( presence of blood in the urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of white cell ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): local allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation of the skin , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), blood clots in the blood vessels of the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): destruction of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( seen in tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reactions at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with epoetin alfa . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms . your doctor may decide to lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : if you have symptoms such as rash , chest pain or discomfort while being treated with intuniv . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe diarrhoea ; feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; rash ; rash ; loss of appetite ; rash ; rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain ; fast heart beat ( tachycardia ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ); indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ) ∑ indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; indigestion ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; rash ( pollakiuria ) or inflamed gums ( stomatitis ); abdominal pain ; rash ( pollakiuria ) or changes in your heart beat ( tachycardia ); chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; stomach ache ; abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); indigestion ; constipation ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; rash ( pollakiuria ) or changes in your heart beat ( tachycardia ); chest pain ; feeling generally unwell ; malaise . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ); high blood pressure ; fast heart rate ( tachycardia ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; stomach ache ; abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); indigestion ; constipation ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ) ∑ indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; rash ( pollakiuria ) or absence of heart beat ( syncope ); chest pain ; feeling unwell ; malaise . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ); high blood pressure ; fast heart rate ( tachycardia ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; stomach ache ; abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ) ∑ stomach discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; rash ( pollakiuria ) or increased heart rate ( tachycardia ); chest pain ; feeling generally unwell ; malaise . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ); high blood pressure ; fast heart rate ( tachycardia ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; stomach ache ; abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; rash ( pollakiuria ) or increased heart rate ( tachycardia ); chest pain ; feeling generally unwell ; malaise . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ); indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - change in blood pressure , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , - high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , - increase in intestine enzymes - cholestasis ( cholestasis ) - rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching - low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure - flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests ( cholestasis ) - rash , itching ( including pruritis ), rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , itching , pruritis - rash ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( e . g . wheezing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting ) - if you have severe and severe allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction , stop using adynovi and contact your doctor immediately . - severe allergic reaction . if you experience one or more of the following symptoms : hives , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , or fainting . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - factor viii inhibitors ( for patients who have received previous treatment with treatment)_inhibitor_antibodies ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). - severe symptoms of difficulty in breathing , dizziness and fainting . - if you experience any of these , stop using adynovi and talk to your doctor immediately . - allergic reaction such as flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives ). you should immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : - hives ( e . g . e . g . hives ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 women ): - factor viii inhibitors ( for example 2 ) - skin rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe symptoms such as wheals , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives and / or wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and loss of consciousness . - fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives . if you experience any of these symptoms , discontinue injection and seek medical help immediately . - allergic reaction such as hives . if you experience any of the symptoms listed above or if they get worse , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 women ): - factor viii inhibitors ( for example 2 ) - skin rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe symptoms such as wheals , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction . such reactions may include hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and loss of consciousness . - fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 women ): - factor viii inhibitors ( for example 2 ) - skin rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . if you experience any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): − chest pain , dizziness ( tiredness ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of appetite . these symptoms can be a sign of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome , which is a common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 100 patients . nervous system pain , headache ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint pain , injection site swelling , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): − dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint pain , injection site swelling , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): − dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint pain , injection site swelling , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): − dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint pain , injection site swelling , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): − dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint pain , injection site swelling , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): − dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint pain , injection site swelling , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): − dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint pain , injection site swelling , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): − dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint pain , injection site swelling , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): − dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , which can cause general pain , back pain , pain in the arms and legs , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of strength . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , which can cause general pain , back pain , pain in the arms and legs , drowsiness , swelling of the hands and feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more revinty_ellipta . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : wheezing , coughing , hives or skin_rash , skin rash ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing , feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using relvar ellipta are rare . if you get any of these symptoms , or seek medical advice immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or mouth ; change in the colour of the throat ( such as burning sensation in your mouth or throat ). difficulty in swallowing fever or fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection_of_the_lung) may cause serious early symptoms of infection such as : fever and chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : headache cold sores , sometimes of the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or a feeling of pressure in the cheeks and forehead these may be signs of a urinary tract infection a high level of ammonia in your blood . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience a serious skin reaction ( hypersensitivity ) and a serious skin reaction called " toxic epidermal necrolysis ". if you experience drowsiness , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( diarrhoea ), stomach ( abdominal ) pain , passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual , discomfort or pain in the right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area tell your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , dry mouth , feeling bloated and wind . wind ( flatulence ). muscle pain , muscle weakness . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) skin and lip cancer ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by severe_skin_reactions and swelling of the skin . stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by severe_skin_reactions and swelling of the skin . stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by severe_skin_reactions and swelling of the skin . stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by severe_skin_reactions and swelling of the skin . stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by blistering and swelling of the skin . stop taking hiv_therapy if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : drowsiness , drowsiness , headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - stomach pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - passing wind ( flatulence ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - discomfort or dry mouth - feeling bloated - wind ( flatulence ) - muscle pain - muscle weakness - prolonged involuntary movements of the skin - increased sensitivity of the skin to sun - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause blistering or blistering of the skin - blistering of the skin - blistering of the skin - blistering of the skin - kidney_failure skin eruptions not known ( frequency cannot
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience swelling , redness or swelling . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( see section " warnings and precautions "). nausea , abdominal pain if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abdominal pain allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling or redness of the skin if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and need immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : - low blood pressure - shortness of breath - wheezing ( bronchospasm ) - hives - blisters on the skin where the patch is applied ( irritation ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) - irritation or ulcers of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - back pain - an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes in the blood . other possible side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bacterial and viral infections - bronchitis - decrease in the number of white blood cells - fever - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen ( tummy ) - irritation or thickening of the mouth and / or throat ( mucosal inflammation ) - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - back pain - pain in the muscles or joints - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - back pain - blood in the urine - feeling your heart beat ( being sick ) 24 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clots in the legs ( deep muscles thrombosis ) - polyangiitis ( a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 100 people ) - reduced blood pressure ( bronchitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the mouth and / or throat and / or difficulty swallowing ( constipation ) - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - back pain - increased blood pressure in the muscles ( symptoms include : feeling short of breath ) 24 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clots in the legs ( deep muscles thrombosis ) - polyangiitis ( a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 100 people ) - faster heart beat . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects - allergic reactions such as rash , itching , hives and skin rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome / anaphylaxis ). if you experience a rash , chills , sore throat , cough , shortness of breath , difficulty with breathing , light - headedness , dizziness and light - headedness , dizziness and / or light - headedness , which may be signs of difficulty in breathing , light - headedness , dizziness and light - headedness , dizziness and / or light - headedness , which may be signs of difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects may occur : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea ( nausea ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - constipation - diarrhoea - nausea - rash , itching - skin reddening - skin rash - swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue or throat - fever - serious infections including neutropenia ( neutropenia ) - low number of neutropenia ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - increase in liver enzymes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver test results on liver function - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions such as rash , itching , hives and skin rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - tiredness , chills , sore throat , cough , shortness of breath , difficulty in breathing , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : jaundice , which may be severe and could lead to fever . - serious infections ( including neutropenia , leucopenia , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - allergic reactions such as rash or severe_blistering , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare ). - rash , blistering of the skin , peeling of the lips , mouth , tongue and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - allergic reactions such as rash , hives , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis . - rash or fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , itching , - skin rash , - skin rash , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or nose and fever ( possible signs of serious infections such as neutropenia , neutropenia , leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - increase in liver enzymes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rapid or severe abdominal pain ; fever and breathing difficulties ; if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a cough or a fever , swelling , redness or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat with or without difficulty breathing - you may be having a medicine to your doctor . - if you get fever or any of the symptoms above : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat - swelling of your tongue and throat - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat - swelling of your tongue and throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - redness of the skin - redness , swelling or redness of the skin - these symptoms may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare severe muscle disorder ). - redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of the treatment . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy that may cause a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . signs include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - other signs of a serious allergic reaction - if you notice pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the skin , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may cause extreme weakness , swelling , and redness ) and / or fever . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy you may be more likely to develop allergy if you have a serious condition called " paradoxical bronchospasm ", which may be life - threatening . - swelling of the face , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - other signs of a serious allergic reaction - if you notice pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the skin , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare severe muscle disorder ). - pain , swelling , redness or pain at the site of the treatment . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy you may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : blindness , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . this is a list of side effects with this medicine . if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . side effects with this medicine are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common side effects ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). angioedema ( other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause angioedema ( angioedema ) difficulty breathing , wheezing or breathing problems swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema ( angioedema ) difficulty breathing , wheezing or sudden_difficulty_breathing chest tightness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema ( angioedema ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , blocked nose , difficulty breathing or breathing swelling of the chest , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) voice alteration ( blocked heart beat ) blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , headache , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain ( musculoskeletal pain ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat , oral congestion ( signs of candidiasis ) high level of sugar in the blood , muscle spasm , skin itching , rash , abnormal swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with zyllt is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel dura if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect is a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause your body to retain water ( severe fat retention ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . your doctor will check your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . lactic acidosis is a very rare but serious side effect that may be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following signs and symptoms of liver problems : nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain or cramps these symptoms usually improve within your first weeks of your treatment . your doctor may do a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . blood tests may show a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ). a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of blood cells . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of blood cells . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and transaminases . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect is a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause your body to retain water ( severe fat retention ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . your doctor will check your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . lactic acidosis is a very rare but serious side effect that may be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following signs and symptoms of liver problems : nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain or cramps these symptoms usually improve within your first weeks of your treatment . your doctor may do a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you get a slight tremor , your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . it is important to read the information later in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for lamivudine '. skin_rash may cause serious damage to your body and may result in puffiness . your doctor may do a blood test to check your kidney function before treatment . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - liver problems such as nausea or vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain or cramps these symptoms usually improve within your first weeks of your treatment . your doctor may do a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you do get any of the side effects above , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your blood cells . your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 1 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) - very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits on the deposits where the deposits is given . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help reduce your dose . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and occur within a few days to deposits . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate in nature . if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate in nature . if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate in nature . if you experience any of these side effects , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported with this medicine are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , itching ( pruritus ), back pain , increased blood pressure in the back of the eye ( eyelid ), depression , shivering , headache , eye irritation , eye irritation , vertigo , changes in mental status , nightmare , depression , fainting , high blood pressure , palpitations , increased sweating , chest pain , wheezing , shivering , palpitations , or tear in the centre of the vision , dry eye ( palpitations ), high blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits in patients with a history of these symptoms . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should seek medical advice immediately . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats - itching ( pruritus ) - itching ( pruritus ) - back pain - leakage of the lens of the eye ( cataract ) - depression - shivering - headache - eye irritation - eye irritation - vertigo - changes in mental status or nightmare - depression - fainting ( fainting ) - high blood pressure , palpitations - increased sweating , chest pain , wheezing , shivering , palpitations , or tear in the retina ( retina ) - ringing in the ears ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure , - flu - like symptoms , such as diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache or deposits on the deposits of your stomach ( as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ) if you experience these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the future . see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your iris ) ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your iris ) ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your iris ) ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your iris ) and during the first few hours after the start of the medicine . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus ( swelling ) and swelling ( usually of the hands , hands , soles of the feet ). skin-reaction may cause the following additional side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking cinacalcet_accordpharma and talk to your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a low blood pressure ( hypocalcaemia ), dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or cramps , seizures , headache , breathing difficulties or swelling of the face , this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea and vomiting . these side effects are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you experience a rash , hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue cinacalcet_accordpharma . if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which may be fatal . your doctor should do a blood test to check your bone function before you start using cinacalcet_accordpharma . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with cinacalcet_accordpharma . your doctor may recommend you to decrease your dose of a blood test . a low blood pressure ( hypocalcaemia ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may find a medicine to treat your cramps . if this happens , it is important that you contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which may be fatal . your doctor should do a blood test to check your bone function before and during or after treatment has stopped . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with cinacalcet_accordpharma . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with cinacalcet_accordpharma . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are usually mild to moderate and of a short time . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . if they do not disappear , please inform your doctor . you may also experience cramps or seizures ( see also section frequency " take special care with cinacalcet_accordpharma "). increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood ( hypocalcaemia ). swelling of the face
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience the following symptoms : - rash , hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of an infusion reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , wheezing or immediately , which may be signs of a serious liver reaction called " pancreatitis " ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the frequency of this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the frequency of this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the frequency of this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) hypoglycaemia ( low blood pressure ) - sweating - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - rash , itching ( pruritus ) - feeling sick ( erythema ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling of hands , feet or feet ( signs of paleness ) - decreased level of potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) - decreased appetite - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings , tingling or paleness ( signs of high level of sugar in the blood , known as hypoglycaemia ) - feeling sick ( hypoglycaemia ) - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling of hands , feet or feet ( paleness , lack of energy and paleness ), lack of energy or paleness ( lack of energy and low level of paleness ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings , tingling or paleness of the hands or feet , decreased sense of touch , change in mental status , lack of co - ordination , tightness of the chest , and wheezing . - if you experience any of these symptoms contact your doctor . - hypoglycaemia ( common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings , tingling or paleness of the skin ( erythema ), or being sick ( vomiting ). - hypoglycaemia . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - hypoglycaemia ( very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) - sweating - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - rash , itching ( pruritus ) - feeling sick ( erythema ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling of hands , feet or feet ( paleness ) - decreased sense of touch or paleness - decreased appetite - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings , tingling or paleness ( signs of high level of sugar in the blood , known as hypoglycaemia ) - feeling sick ( hypoglycaemia ) - hypoglycaemia (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : infection , fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach inflammation , tiredness , drowsiness , headache , stomach inflammation , nausea , vomiting , stomach inflammation , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , or onset of immune_reactivation_syndrome . the following side effects have been observed with edurant : inflammation and inflammation of the blood vessels , fever , chills , sweats , and onset of immune_reactivation_syndrome . the following side effects have been reported with edurant : inflammation of the lungs , fever , chills , sweats , and onset of sweats . the following side effects have been observed with edurant : inflammation and inflammation of the lungs , fever , chills , sweats , and onset of sweats . the following side effects have been observed with edurant : inflammation and inflammation of the lungs , fever , chills , sweats , and onset of sweats . the following side effects have been observed with edurant : inflammation and inflammation of the lungs , fever , chills , sweats , and onset of sweats . the following side effects have been observed with edurant : inflammation and inflammation of the lungs , fever , chills , sweats , and onset of sweats . the following side effects have been observed with edurant : inflammation and inflammation of the lungs , fever , chills , sweats , and onset of sweats . the following side effects have been observed with edurant : inflammation and inflammation of the lungs , fever , chills , sweats , and acute non - barré syndrome . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of an allergic reaction ( angioedema ), swollen face , face , lip or mouth ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . contact a doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of liver problems : oedema ( fluid retention ) can be a sign of kidney problems ( oedema ) is a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain - kidney problems ( angina , angina ) - at_night stools , diarrhoea , stomach pain , loss of appetite , irregular or rapid heartbeat , - vomiting , 110 110 stools , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : - sudden swelling ( oedema ) - swelling due to fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain - kidney problems ( angina , angina , see section at_night ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - light - headedness - vomiting 110 - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - light - headedness - vomiting - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you get any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you get any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you get any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision ( oedema ), swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you get any of these symptoms , or seek medical advice immediately . - a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_mylan is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; high body temperature ; bleeding in the stomach ; intestinal haemorrhage ; inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the lung to the body ), see section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - shortness of breath - wheezing - swelling of the face - difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath - wheezing - throat tightness - throat irritation - dizziness - fast heart rate - dizziness - fainting - swelling around the skin around the eyes - general feeling of being unwell - changes in heart rhythm ( e . g . discomfort or swelling around the skin ) - blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal blood test result for electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - ringing in the ears ( electrocardiogram ) - muscle spasm - difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath - fainting - fainting - fainting - swelling of the skin and around the eyes ( signs of difficulty in breathing ) - if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor straight away . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - diarrhoea - 30 - pain in the muscles , joints , muscles , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back and / or throat and shortness of breath . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - diarrhoea - 30 - pain in the muscles , joints , muscles , or joints ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) - pain in the back of your mouth and throat - shortness of breath - nose bleeds - nose 28 - 28 - 30 pain at the back of the eyes - diarrhoea - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - 30 - eye pain - discomfort or swelling around the skin of the eyes - change in the way things taste - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects you should stop taking the medicine and contact a doctor immediately : - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - serious skin reactions - severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe rash with blistering of the skin - swelling of the lips , genitals and around the eyes , fever and seizures ( see section 2 ). - if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 100 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 10 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) common : - urge to behave in an unusual way - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) - confusion - tiredness ( fatigue ) - abnormal dreams - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( 73 - hypotension ) - low blood pressure - constipation - vomiting ( decreased appetite ) - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) - delusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - amnesia ( memory disturbance ) - hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still ) - weight increase - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs )* - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ) - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviors ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system sifrol listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - eye_pain eye pain , eye redness , increased eye pressure , visual blurred , watery eyes , dry eye , dry eye , dry eye , dry eye , dry eye , dry eye , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased eye sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , dry eye
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face then then with a high temperature , with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): eye pain , redness or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): eye pain , glaucoma ( or hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): eye pain or glaucoma ( signs of bone problems ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred_vision blurred vision . clouding of the jaw and lungs ( seen in patients taking cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or eyes , itching , chest pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , with or without difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction to the medicine ( see section " warnings and precautions "). symptoms include : - fever - high blood pressure - worsening of a high blood pressure - these may be signs of a drop in the level of potassium in the blood . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - cough - stomach pain or discomfort ( including stomach pain or discomfort ) - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain and pain or discomfort in the joints - feeling of fullness in the mouth - trouble sleeping - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain and pain or discomfort in the joints - feeling of pressure in the mouth - trouble sleeping - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain and pain or discomfort in the joints - feeling of pressure in the mouth - trouble sleeping - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain and pain or discomfort in the joints - frequent urination - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - painful or frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - chest tightness - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain and pain or discomfort in the joints - feeling of pressure in the mouth - trouble sleeping - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , may affect more than 1 in 10 people - upper respiratory tract infection - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , tingling , abnormal vision , dry eyes - other illness ( including back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back infection , muscle aches , muscle weakness , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection , neutropenia , decreased number of white blood cells , neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . respiratory_tract , mucosal infection , neutropenia ) - vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation - diarrhoea - fatigue - back pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - painful urination , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , signs of infection ( neutropenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . decreased number of white blood cells , neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . decreased number of white blood cells ) - neutropenia - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . decreased number of white blood cells , neutropenia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions , itchy rash or hives ; severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or wheezing ; symptoms of itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing ; you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , severe itching other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the stomach or stomach . stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach and stomach pain . stomach pain . pain in your stomach . stomach or stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the pain . symptoms include rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the stomach or stomach . stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain or stomach pain . stomach pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the pain . symptoms of rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be a sign of severe allergic reactions . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain or stomach pain . stomach pain or stomach pain . stomach pain or stomach pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the pain . symptoms of rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be a sign of severe allergic reactions . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the upper stomach or stomach . stomach pain . stomach pain . upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain . stomach pain . upset or stomach pain . stomach pain . stomach and stomach pain . stomach pain . upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain . stomach pain . if you get any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the stomach or stomach . stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain . stomach pain . upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain . stomach pain . upset or stomach pain . stomach pain . stomach pain . upset or stomach pain . stomach pain . stomach pain or stomach pain . stomach pain or stomach pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the pain . symptoms include rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the stomach or stomach . stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain . stomach pain . upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain . upset or stomach pain . stomach pain . upset or stomach pain . stomach pain . stomach and stomach pain . stomach pain . upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain . if you get any of these symptoms : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - suddenly feeling faint - these may be signs of an allergic reaction : - itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - changes in your mental status . liver problems such as nausea , drowsiness , dizziness , confusion , abnormal behaviour , reduced sense of smell , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , psychosis , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision , or other neurological problems ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ) - speech disorder , speech disorder , numbness , or tingling in hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , - increased sensitivity to light ( malaise ) - aggressiveness , delusion , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , psychosis , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision , or other neurological problems ( e . g . severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( pleural effusion ) and difficulty in breathing may occur . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . a combination of a general allergic reaction may include : a rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - increase in liver enzymes . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
