like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduced number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood increase of creatinine ( creatinine ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of all types of white blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth fungal infection of the mouth inflammation of the liver inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) dehydration , flu - like symptoms symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( urticaria ), other signs of flu - like symptoms , which may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be a sign of an infection of the lung called " interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lung ). talk to your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or hives ( urticaria ), which may be a sign of an infection of the mucous membranes ( e . g . increase_of_eosinophils , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue or light - headedness ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), tiredness ( fatigue ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth , fungal infections in the mouth ( stomatitis ), increase in white blood cells ( seen in tests ) dehydration , flu - like symptoms symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), reduction in the number of white blood cells ( seen in tests ) dehydration , flu - like symptoms symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema ), reduction in the number of white blood cells ( seen in tests ) decreases in the number of all white blood cells ( seen in tests ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dehydration low level of anaemia ( a type of white blood cell ) diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth , fungal infections in the mouth ( stomatitis ), increase in white blood cells ( seen in tests ) dehydration , flu - like symptoms symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or hives ( urticaria ) other possible side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood increase of creatinine ( creatinine ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of all white blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth fungal infection in the mouth inflammation of the liver inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) dehydration , flu - like symptoms symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), reduction in the number of white blood cells (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms of liver problems ( see also section blood_tests " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), depression , anxiety , paleness . these side effects may be signs of liver problems and may result in death . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , rhinitis , lymphadenopathy ) paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset stomach ( abdomen ) liver enzymes ( liver enzymes , which may show an increase in liver enzymes ) liver problems which may show an increase in liver enzymes ( called lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , rhinitis , lymphadenopathy ) paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset stomach ( abdomen ) liver enzymes ( liver enzymes , which may show an increase in liver enzymes ) liver problems which may show an increase in liver enzymes ( called lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( low level of red blood cells ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , rhinitis , lymphadenopathy ) paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset stomach ( abdomen ) liver enzymes ( liver enzymes , which may show an increase in liver enzymes ) liver problems which may show an increase in liver enzymes ( called lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( which may cause upper respiratory tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , rhinitis , lymphadenopathy ) paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset stomach ( abdomen ) liver enzymes ( liver enzymes , which may show an increase in liver enzymes ) liver problems which may show an increase in liver enzymes ( called lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( low level of red blood cells ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , rhinitis , lymphadenopathy ) paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset stomach ( abdomen ) liver enzymes ( liver enzymes , which may show an increase in liver enzymes ) liver problems which may show an increase in liver enzymes ( called lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( low level of red blood cells ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , rhinitis , lymphadenopathy )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . if you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of biktarvy or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . if you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of biktarvy or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . if you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of biktarvy or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . if you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of biktarvy or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . if you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of biktarvy or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . if you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of biktarvy or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . if you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of biktarvy or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . as well as the side effects listed below for biktarvy , other conditions can develop during combination therapy for hiv . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people itching ( pruritus ) red , red , red , red , red , red , red area on the skin that is covered with blisters and hyperactivity . if you notice any of these symptoms :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : swelling may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling more hungry or nausea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( loose stools ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; abnormal liver function tests ; stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; stomach pain ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; nausea ( feeling sick ); nausea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; feeling dizzy ; sweating ; itchy skin ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; nausea ( feeling sick ); nausea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; feeling dizzy ; sweating ; itchy skin ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; nausea ( feeling sick ); nausea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; feeling dizzy ; sweating ; itchy skin ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; pain in the stomach ; feeling sick ( nausea ); diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; feeling dizzy ; sweating ; itchy skin ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; pain in the stomach ; feeling sick ( nausea ); diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; feeling dizzy ; sweating ; itchy skin ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; pain in the stomach ; feeling sick ( nausea ); diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; feeling dizzy ; sweating ; itchy skin ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; pain in the stomach ; feeling sick ( nausea ); diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; feeling dizzy ; sweating ; itchy skin ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; pain in the stomach ; feeling sick ( nausea ); diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; feeling dizzy ; sweating ; itchy skin ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash , itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; inflammation of the gullet ; feeling dizzy ; sweating ; itchy skin ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash , itchy skin ; rash ; increased liver enzymes ; stomach pain ; pain in the stomach ; feeling sick ( nausea );
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . itching , feeling sick ( being sick ) and stomach pain ( which may be a sign of a serious brain disorder called encephalomyelitis ) ( see section 6 warnings and precautions "). itching , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . headache feeling dizzy or sick ( being sick ) stomach pain , muscle spasms , injection site reactions ( such as redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as injection site swelling , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction or shock ( very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . headache feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ) stomach pain muscle spasms . injection site pain , redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions as a consequence of a low platelet platelet count . if this is not treated it may lead to shock . your doctors know that this might happen and will have emergency treatment ready to use fits generalised skin reactions including urticaria ( hives ) the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . they may also happen with vaccines . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or swelling ( itching ) at the injection site have been reported . if you notice any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact a doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): signs of infections such as pain , bruising , bruising or low_level_of_platelets on one side of the body ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness or coughing coughing up blood serious allergic reaction serious allergic reactions including swelling of your face or throat ( angioedema ), itching , loss of appetite , dark urine , jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ), dark urine , fever , dark urine , fever , dark urine , fever , dark urine or fever , dark urine or fever , high urine output , weight loss , dry eyes , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes , loss of appetite or dark urine , jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or eyes ), dark urine , fever , kidney failure or severely decreased urine output , weight loss , or dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes , loss of appetite or dark urine , jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ), loss of appetite or nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - fever - chills - sore throat - mouth ulcers or infections - infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . fever or chills ) - loss of appetite - dark urine or infections - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - loss of appetite - fever - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - dry mouth - tiredness - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - loss of appetite - nausea in addition to the above - these side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections , such as unexplained bruising , bruising , or low_level_of_platelets on one side of the body ( angioedema ), - difficulty breathing or swallowing , - dizziness or coughing up blood - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . skin and / or eyes ) - itching - loss of appetite - dark urine or infections - yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes - loss of appetite - dark urine or fever - jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ) - loss of appetite - dark urine or jaundice - yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes - loss of appetite - dark urine or fever - jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ) - loss of appetite or dark - coloured urine - jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ) - loss of appetite - dark urine or fever - jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ) - loss of appetite or dark - coloured urine - jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ) - loss of appetite - dark urine or fever - jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ) - loss of appetite or dark - coloured urine - jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ) - loss of appetite - dark urine or fever - jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ) - loss of appetite or dark - coloured urine - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ) - loss of appetite - fever - this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers - infections , which may be severe and could be life - threatening . - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties if you get wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . other possible side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever with a flu - like syndrome consisting of sore throat and sore throat feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache headache pain and pain in the back of the mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) dry mouth increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat faster heart beat faster heart beat hoarseness rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blurred vision increase in the amount of sugar in the blood . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : blurred vision increase in the amount of nitrogen in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) glaucoma ( difficulties in passing urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness or dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking tremfya and tell your doctor straight away : serious allergic reaction with hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): tiredness , infection , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) bone pain , back pain , tiredness 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite 36 fainting , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding in the stomach or intestines , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the vagina feeling of burning in and around the vagina uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat ( such as irritation , irritation or redness of the skin ) ear problems ( including bleeding from the nose or discomfort or discomfort or a burning sensation or pain in your hands or feet or due to nerve damage ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling of burning in and around the vagina feeling of pressure in the hands and feet feeling sick ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of being unwell itching ( pruritus ) feeling of pressure in the throat ( dysgeusia ) discomfort in the mouth and / or throat reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache ; stomach ulcer ; vomiting ; nausea ; constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or inflammation of the eyes ); inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus visual phenomena ( increased than normal and appetite ), difficulty in sleeping , trembling , headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , indigestion , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , which may result in increased risk of infections , fever , general weakness , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , nightmare , nightmare , disorientation , loss of consciousness , changes in vision , deafness , increase in sexual drive , problems falling asleep . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood levels of the white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets , dehydration , inability to achieve or maintain an erection , blurred vision , blindness , blindness , deafness , collection of fluid around the heart , fluid around the lungs , 36 sudden loss of blood supply to the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe abdominal pain , thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the lungs , pain and discomfort , increase of uric acid in the blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood levels of the white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased sexual drive , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid retention , abnormal sensation in the skin , 36 36 - up of fluid under the skin causing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe abdominal pain , thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the lungs , pain and discomfort , increase of uric acid in the blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , decrease in white blood cell count , decrease in blood platelets , dehydration , inability to obtain an erection , increased sex drive , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the lungs , reduced blood pressure , 36 36 - up of fluid around the heart , fluid around the heart , fluid in the lungs , swelling of lymph glands , fluid collection in the skin , thirst , fever , collection of fluid under the skin , pain and discomfort , increase of uric acid in the blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , decrease in white blood cell count , increase in white blood cells , dehydration , inability to obtain an erection , increased sex drive , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid collection in the brain , fluid around the lungs , 36 - cyst formation in the liver , sudden increase in blood pressure , 36 - loss of blood flow from the liver , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , throat infection , thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the lungs , pain and discomfort , increase of uric acid in the blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , decrease in white blood cell count , decrease in blood platelets , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased sexual drive , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the lung , fluid around the heart , fluid in the lungs , 36 - cyst formation in the liver , sudden increase in blood pressure , inflammation of the liver , swelling of the tongue and throat , severe abdominal pain , thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the heart , fluid in the lungs , reduced blood pressure , feeling of temperature disturbed , difficulty sleeping . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , decrease in white blood cell count , increase in white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased sexual drive , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid collection in the brain , fluid around the lungs , 36 - cyst formation in the blood vessels in the lung , fluid around the heart , fluid in the lungs , swelling of lymph glands , fluid collection in the skin , thirst , fever , collection of fluid under the skin , pain and discomfort , increase of uric acid in the blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing_difficulties ; unusual movements ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may be signs of allergic reaction death : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following side effects , please stop the injection and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - hives , rash , swelling of face or face , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , fatigue , sudden drop in blood pressure and wheezing , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . - allergic reaction such as hives and rash have been reported . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat - breathing difficulties as stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis - erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis ( erythema multiforme ), stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , eyes , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than % of the emotion_serious_skin_problems surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : 24 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , painful joints , stiffness in muscles , numbness or muscle weakness ( peripheral oedema ), abnormal dreams , decreased appetite , confusion , headache , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), - muscle cramps , dry mouth , constipation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal level of some blood cells , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness and numbness of the skin ( signs of raynaud ' s syndrome ), numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , symptoms of runny nose ( rhinitis ) - swollen face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - nose bleed ( epistaxis ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal pain , headache , nausea and vomiting ; rash ; respiratory tract infections ; nausea ; abdominal ( abdominal ) pain ; indigestion ; bloating ; passing wind ; liver inflammation ; inflammation of the liver ; symptoms include : itching , swelling , pain , redness , swelling or bleeding ; signs of blood disorders , which may result in general pain , blood in the urine ; kidney problems ; lungs ; inflammation of the lining of the nose ; sinus infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract pneumonia ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract pneumonia ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract pneumonia ; pneumonia ; high blood pressure ; fast heart beat ; difficulty in sleeping ; cough ; asthma ; mouth ulcers ; elevated liver enzymes ; abnormal liver function tests ; night sweats ; hair loss ; itchy skin ; eczema ; elevated liver enzymes ; abnormal liver function tests ; night sweats ; hair loss ; itchy skin ; eczema ; elevated liver enzymes ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; itchy skin ; eczema ; fatty_liver ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; itchy skin ; eczema ; fatty_liver ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; itchy skin ; eczema ; fatty_liver ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; itchy skin ; eczema ; fatty_liver ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; itchy skin ; eczema ; fatty_liver ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; itchy skin ; eczema ; fatty_liver ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver function test ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver function test ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver test results ; night sweats ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : inflammation or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat . this may cause a combination of a severe allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , insomnia , constipation , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , indigestion , passing wind , flatulence , belching , muscle pain , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , pain_in_the_extremities , chills , feeling hot , swelling or inflammation . these can be signs of a condition called " paradoxical bronchospasm . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth . - indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , - belching , - liver enzymes . your doctor will tell you how to treat this . if you experience allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or spasms , swelling or non - healing sores in the mouth . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth . - indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , - belching , - kidney problems . your doctor will tell you how to treat this . - allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or spasms , muscle twitching , spasms , muscle twitching or spasms , - spasms , - abnormal or abnormal blood test results , increased blood triglycerides , - increase in a type of white blood cell ( clot , calcium , potassium , sodium ) or sodium in your blood , or low level of clot in your blood , called clot , calcium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in a blood test . - low blood levels of clot , calcium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , such as calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , or sugar in your urine . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for you to check for signs of calcium . potassium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , such as calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , and / or sodium in your blood . sodium in the blood . sodium in the blood may be seen in a test for sodium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium , and / or sodium in your blood . sodium in the blood . sodium in the urine . clot in the hip , sodium , sodium or sodium . sodium in the blood . sodium in the urine . if you have calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , and / or high blood sugar . change in your blood and urine tests . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , such as calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in blood sugar , decrease of potassium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or seizure , heart attack and heart attack and heart attack . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired . - if you get any of these symptoms tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have symptoms of heart problems , such as shortness of breath or discomfort , 43 - if you have symptoms of heart problems , such as shortness of breath or chest pain which may be signs of heart problems . - heart attack has been seen with treatment with erleada . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , feeling tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss and decreased appetite . - weight loss has been observed commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - are : - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - passing gas ( fatigue ) - back pain - frequent urination - loss of weight - loss of weight common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - abnormal vision - partial or complete changes in vision - redness of the eye - abnormal sensation in the eye - itching , redness , swelling and inflammation reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : decrease in the number of blood particles ( which may cause you to have some side effects more often than usual . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 people . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or in your blood ( called immunoglobulins ) is a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar level falls too much you may pass out ( become worse ). tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : signs of low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a decrease in vision or loss of vision . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you notice any of the above side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) this can cause your body to retain water ( too much sugar in the blood ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , muscle cramps or stiffness ( signs of low blood pressure ) fatigue ( very common ), weight loss , chest pain , chest pain , swelling , swelling , redness or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking or burning
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , flushing , skin_rash skin rash , acne or discomfort . in rare cases , allergic reactions may become severe and may affect up to 1 in 1000 people . allergic reactions : rash , acne . on the skin ( symptoms may be symptoms of inflammation of the inflammation of the mouth , tongue or tongue and / or discomfort ), swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ) inflammation of the mucous system lining the face and / or tongue ( urticaria ) inflammation of hair follicles ( urticaria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) acne , skin peeling or discomfort , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ) skin rash , acne or acne rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction : rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ) inflammation of the mucous system lining the face and / or tongue ( urticaria ) inflammation of the pancreas ( urticaria ) rash , skin pain or discomfort , swelling and redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and may cause urticaria ; inflammation of the mucous membranes ( urticaria ) inflammation of the liver ; acne , skin pain or discomfort and swelling , skin redness or discomfort ; skin rash or discomfort and swelling of the palms of the hands and feet ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or swelling of the palms of the hands or feet ; rash ; skin rash ; discomfort or swelling of the palms of the hands or feet . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o allergic reaction ; rash ; acne ; skin rash ; discomfort or discomfort ; redness of the skin ; acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - severe bleeding in the stomach or intestines , bleeding , including bleeding in the lung , caused by reduced blood flow of the lung and arteries by a blood clot , blocking of the arteries of the lungs by a blood clot , blocking of the kidneys of the lungs , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), especially in patients with a stem cell or bone marrow transplant , - chest pain , shortness of breath , fatigue and / or confusion . these may be the symptoms of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including life - threatening allergic reactions , - redness_of_the_eye , temporary swelling of the eyelids , eye swelling , eye swelling , presence of blood in the urine , blocking of the veins by a blood clot , blocking of the veins of the veins by a blood clot , blocking of the veins of the legs by a blood clot , blocking of the veins of the legs by a blood clot , blocking of the veins of the veins by a blood clot , blocking of the veins of the veins by the legs and the legs symptoms are : - a rash , shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . this is a very rare side effect and may affect up to a_stroke in 10 , 000 people . - signs of a hypersensitivity reaction may include : - a rash , shivering , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( nausea and vomiting ) - diarrhoea . this is a very rare side effect and may affect up to a_stroke in 10 , 000 people . - signs of a hypersensitivity reaction may include : - a rash , shivering , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( nausea and vomiting ) - diarrhoea . this is a very common side effect that may affect more than this_medicine in 10 , 000 people - this may be a sign of a serious condition called
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . symptoms may include difficulty breathing , breathlessness , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , confusion , disorientation or decreased consciousness , which may be signs of a life - threatening condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - if you experience symptoms such as breathlessness , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , breathlessness , loss of consciousness , delirium , confusion or disorientation , decreased level of consciousness , delirium , irregular heartbeat and rapid pulse . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms , such as : - unusual fever , chills , or breathing problems , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever - chills - difficulty breathing - cough - shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin rash , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - this can be a sign of confusion - disorientation - decreased level of consciousness - a change in your mood or confusion - disorientation - disorientation - decreased or hearing things that are not real ( delirium ) - loss of consciousness - rapid or irregular heartbeat - confusion - difficulty breathing - delirium - confusion , disorientation , inability to fall asleep or loss of consciousness - loss_of_control_of_body_movements , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination - difficulty breathing , loss_of_control_of_body_movements , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others - sudden loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - excessive sweating - a severe infection with symptoms such as chills , breathlessness , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath or immediately , immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash - skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever - chills - difficulty breathing - cough - shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you develop skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash - skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever - chills - difficulty breathing - cough - shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever - chills - difficulty breathing - cough - shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , coughing_up_blood , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash - skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash - skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash - skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash - skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash - skin rash or any other signs of infection such as : - fever ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , itching , rash , peeling skin , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects after adding sitagliptin to sitagliptin ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( constipation ) - constipation - the following side effects have been reported with the use of pioglitazone : dizziness , dry mouth , headache and increased sweating . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( constipation ) - constipation - the following side effects have been reported with the use of pioglitazone : - dizziness - dry mouth - headache - abnormal blood test results for dialysis - vomiting - joint pain - muscle pain - back pain - interstitial lung disease - bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : - very common : - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache - 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin or metformin : common : - flu - like symptoms such as flu - like illness 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( 64 - 64 ) - some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common - swelling of the hands or legs some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common - swelling of the hands or legs some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common - swelling of the hands or feet - 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : - dizziness - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach ache - 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin or metformin : common : - flu - like illness 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common - swelling of the hands or feet some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : - dizziness - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach ache - 64 some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( 64 ) some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( 64 - back pain ) - 64 - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache - 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - flu - like symptoms , e . g . flu - like symptoms , such as nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 - some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : - flu - like illness 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common - swelling of the hands or feet some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your diabetes . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of xultophy alone are : - common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding in the brain ( including bleeding from the brain ) - this is a common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 100 people . - injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , swelling , itching , bleeding or diabetes ) - respiratory tract infections ( unconscious , confused or confused ). - serious allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - hives , rash , itching all over the body , difficulty breathing or swallowing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache or bloating , feeling less hungry or tired , feeling weak , feeling tired or tired , - feeling tired , - feeling tired , - feeling like your heart is pounding , - difficulty in concentrating , - increased blood pressure , - abnormal blood test results such as an increase in a type of white blood cell ( hypoglycaemia ) and low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . - if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - if you have low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you experience inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), which may be severe and require treatment . you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain , swelling , redness or itching of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with fever and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using giotrif if you develop pain , swelling , redness or itching around the area of your injection ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with fever and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with giotrif . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe diarrhoea - lung infection - severe diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - indigestion , diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching , redness , swelling and conjunctivitis ( conjunctivitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash , itching , dry skin - rash - muscle spasms - back pain - back pain - back pain - pain , swelling , redness , itching or fever - respiratory tract infection - low blood platelet count uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pancreatitis - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - peripheral swelling if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough and rash . the other side effects have been observed with orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , upper respiratory tract infection , dizziness , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) abdominal pain ( including stomach pain , stomach flu , nausea , loss of appetite ), raised levels of liver enzymes . increased liver enzymes in the blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear irritation ). ear abnormalities . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects in children and adolescents the side effects listed below have been observed when ivacaftor was given in combination with ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash at the site of the injection , which may be the side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash at the site of the injection , which may be the side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash at the site of the injection , which may be the side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash at the site of the injection , which may be the side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness , rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash at the site of the injection , which may be the side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness , rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of symptoms include : - rash - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - throwing up ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - loss of appetite - rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - blood tests may show : - decrease in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) shown in blood tests low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . tell your doctor straight away if you have any of these symptoms , heart attack , or irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , and high blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , rash and itching . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , or heart attack , irregular heartbeat , or heart attack , irregular heartbeat , or heart attack , irregular heartbeat , or heart attack , irregular heartbeat , or heart attack , and / or irregular heart beat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating , and itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions : rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , or heart attack , and / or irregular heart beat , or heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering or dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction : if you experience symptoms such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . tell your doctor straight away if you have any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , and heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions : - rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , - heart attack , or heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering or dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , - heart attack , - feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering or dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , - heart attack , - feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering or dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , - heart attack , - feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering or dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , - heart attack , - feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you experience : weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling_of_the_face swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking ovaleap and contact your doctor immediately . skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , redness , swelling , and irritation ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , redness , swelling , swelling or pain at the site of injection . if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately skin rash ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . drop in blood pressure ; difficulty breathing and drop in blood pressure . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . this side effect is uncommon . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10_people people ): severe allergic reactions ; swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . drop in blood pressure ; difficulty breathing and drop in blood pressure ; which could be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness and stroke . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . drop in blood pressure which could result in breathlessness or stroke . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in in_10_people , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction , ohss and stroke ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in blood platelets , which increases risk of serious side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking voriconazole_accord and tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . disorder of the skin has been reported with voriconazole not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking voriconazole_accord and see a doctor immediately : - if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as swollen face , tongue or pharynx , itchy and itchy skin , or red blotches on the skin that is covered with small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you have a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash , hives , redness of the skin , reddening of the skin , - dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , - stomach ache , - bile duct disorders , - gallbladder_disease , disorder with a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood , low number of a type of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) - decreased number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - fever , chills , weakness , dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , - indigestion , - indigestion , - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth , hair loss , - inflammation of the liver , - inflammation of the liver , which may be severe and life - threatening allergic reactions . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( frequency not known ). - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash , hives , redness of the skin , reddening of the skin , - dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , - stomach ( intestinal ) pain . - serious liver problems including voriconazole can increase the risk of disorder with disorder . - low numbers of cells called platelets that help the blood to clot , low number of a type of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause fever , chills , weakness , dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , indigestion , - indigestion . - your doctor may instruct you to stop taking voriconazole_accord . - hair loss ( alopecia ). - inflammation of the liver , which may be a sign of liver problems including inflammation of the liver , which may be severe and life - threatening , or chest pain . - swelling of the face and / or throat . - blood clots in the veins of your lung . - swelling , chills , weakness , dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal sensations like tingling , sleepiness , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , indigestion , - indigestion . - your doctor may instruct you to stop taking voriconazole_accord . - hair loss ( alopecia ). - inflammation of the liver , which may be a sign of liver problems . - inflammation of the liver , which may be severe and could be life - threatening , - chest pain , which may result in breathing difficulties , swelling and / or fluid in the lungs . - low blood levels of white blood cells , which can cause swelling , red or purple dots on the skin . signs of low blood sugar may include : fever , chills , weakness , dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal sensations like tingling , sleepiness , constipation ,
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , and pain where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , swelling , pain and redness where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . if you are worried , speak to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) heart attack ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) changes in your blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ) low level of potassium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood pain in your arms or legs swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain or sore in your mouth or jaw , you may have early signs of severe jaw problems ( necrosis ( dead bone tissue ) in the jaw bone . itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . severe adverse frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma attack 59 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain , aching muscles and joints feeling dizzy 59 high blood pressure and a fall in blood pressure on standing up ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood high level of uric acid in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood increase of bilirubin in your blood swelling or swelling at the injection site , itching , swelling at the injection site , shivering , fever , flu - like symptoms , arthritis , feeling of general discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints joint pain , aching muscles and joints swelling or pain at the injection site these are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever , flu - like symptoms , ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain , aching muscles , feeling anxious or 59 59 high level of potassium in the blood high level of uric acid in the blood high level of calcium in the blood high level of calcium in the blood an increase in the level of liver enzymes in your blood swelling or swelling at the injection site , such as swelling at the injection site , itching and swelling at the injection site these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . the frequency of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes . blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause brain damage and may be life threatening and lead to a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). if this happens you must stop using this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes . blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of your liver or eyes ( liver disease ), which may be a sign of liver problems ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by formation of a viruses , breathlessness , and blurred vision ( macular oedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular oedema ) viruses breathlessness blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common ) common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular oedema ) viruses breathlessness blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular oedema ) viruses breathlessness blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : wheezing or other signs of infection such as : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore or painful palms of the throat and throat . symptoms of a serious infection of the lung include fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat caused by a fungal infection ( herpes zoster ) runny or blocked nose infections of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) runny or blocked nose fungal infections of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the nose , throat or sinuses infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) flu - like symptoms ( e . g . mouth and throat ) infection of the mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) fever ( pyrexia ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) joint pain back pain constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat fractures ( fractures ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects 37 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of zinforo alone are : severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). a severe allergic reaction may be life - threatening . if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a nurse straight away . if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). a severe allergic reaction may be severe and life - threatening . if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a nurse straight away . if you notice a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you suddenly feel severe such as itching , hives , swelling , irritation , bruising , bleeding or bruising at the site of injection . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood pressure and what to do if you get a slight increase in the number of : - a type of white blood cells ( platelets ) which may be a sign of neutropenia ( leucopenia ), shown in blood tests - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) shown in blood tests - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can make you more prone to creatinine and leucopenia - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of creatinine ( a substance produced in the liver ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the liver ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the liver ) - a decrease in the levels of creatinine in the blood ( may show in your liver tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of creatinine ( a substance produced in the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a liver problem ) - an increase in the levels of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a liver problem ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a liver problem ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the liver ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a liver problem ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the liver ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a liver problem ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the liver ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a liver problem ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the liver ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a liver problem ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the liver ) - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine in the blood ( a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) : - very common : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and peeling of the skin ; - peeling skin , pain , jaundice , reddening of the skin , joint peeling , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - painful joints , - incontinence , weakness , thirst , chest tightness , - changes in blood chemistry and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropaenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium , neutropaenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ) - hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring , painful urination , swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss , dilated pupils , cross eyes . - inflammation of the pancreas , - difficulty in swallowing . - inflammation of the pancreas , difficulty in swallowing . - inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . - slow or reduced movement of the eyes . - fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . - muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . - interrupted menstrual periods . - kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . - decrease in white blood cell count . - sudden death . - allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and difficulty breathing . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse - blood clots in small blood vessels , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , convulsions . - changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . - muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . - interrupted menstrual periods . - kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . - decrease in white blood cell count . - sudden death . - allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse - skin reactions , joint swelling , neck pain , painful urination , presence of blood in semen , and / or urine ( urinary retention ), - a decrease in the levels of neutropaenia in the blood , and low level of neutropaenia ( a type of white blood cell ) and blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ) - swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . - painful menstrual periods . - coldness of hands and feet . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . - inflammation of the pancreas . - difficulty in swallowing . - slow or reduced movement of the body . - difficulty with writing properly . - fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . - muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . - interrupted menstrual periods . - kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . - decrease in white blood cell count . - inappropriate behaviour . - allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ), problems with the electrical nerves of the heart ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . - muscle damage . - breast discharge , abnormal breast
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased pressure in the eyes - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( hypertension ) may be more common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness - headache - cough - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting , wind - constipation - dry mouth - wind - diarrhoea - weight loss - night sweats - back pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - cramps or fever - fatigue , feeling weak , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - diabetes , increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness - headache - cough - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting , wind - constipation - dry mouth - wind - diarrhoea - weight loss - night sweats - back pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - cramps or fever - fatigue , feeling weak , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - diabetes , increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness - headache - cough - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting , wind - constipation - dry mouth - wind - diarrhoea - weight loss - night sweats - back pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - cramps or fever - fatigue , feeling weak , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - diabetes , increased blood pressure , low blood pressure ( hypertension ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show an increase in a specific class of white blood cells , 31 31 - dizziness , mood swings , restlessness , hallucinations , mood swings , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , restlessness , disorientation , mood swings , sweating , muscle stiffness and weakness ( serotonin syndrome ) - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . some patients have had a decrease in the rate of your veins , veins or legs . this could be seen in the results of blood and / or urine tests . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly if you experience this side effect or if you have any of the following signs of levodopa : 31 - fatigue , feeling hot , your chest pain or levodopa , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( levodopa ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - levodopa , tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( such as heart attack , breathing , breathing or a chest heart beat ) have been reported with zytiga . serious allergic reactions have been reported with zytiga . serious allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , swelling of your face , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , an itchy rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience rash , blood or passing urine or passing urine less often than usual , if you have arrhythmia , arrhythmia or palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , ecg and a fast heart beat or palpitations , which may be palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , ecg , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure when you stand up , including blood in the urine , ecg , qt prolongation , arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) or arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : heart problems can sometimes occur during treatment with hefiya . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of heart_failure : chest pain or swallowing shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or shortness_of_breath ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; coughing ; abnormal vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions , including pain , swelling , redness or itching ( oedema ). respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ), abdominal ( belly ) pain , headache , nausea , vomiting and rash . pain_in_the_muscles may cause the following additional side effects : indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , stomach ache , abnormal sense of taste , dry mouth , dry skin , itching , itchy rash , bruising , swelling ( oedema ), low blood platelets , which may result in bleeding or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung ( a fungal infection ), infection of the skin , itching , itchy rash , bruising , swelling and oedema ( oedema ). respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , eye infection , dry mouth , itching , itchy rash , bruising , swelling and oedema ) at the site of injection . decreased number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause fever . reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( usually present ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung ( a fungal infection ), infection of the skin , itching , itchy rash , bruising , swelling and oedema ( oedema ). respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , eye infection , dry mouth , itching , itchy rash , bruising , swelling and oedema ) at the site of injection . decreased number of white blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause fever . reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( usually present ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ), damage to the bone marrow . a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood , which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): rash , swelling and oedema ( oedema ). respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ), abdominal swelling , headache , nausea , vomiting , rash , rash , swelling ( oedema ), decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ), feeling more hungry . fever , reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( uncommon ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung ( a condition known as leukocytoclastic vasculitis ). breakdown of muscle tissue , with or without symptoms such as chest pain , swelling , redness or bleeding ( oedema ). respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ), abdominal swelling , headache , nausea , vomiting , rash , rash , swelling ( oedema ), decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ), feeling more hungry . fever , reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( uncommon ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung ( a condition known as leukocytoclastic vasculitis ). breakdown of muscle tissue , with or without symptoms such as chest pain , swelling , redness or bleeding ( oedema ). respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ), abdominal swelling , headache , nausea , vomiting , rash , rash , swelling ( oedema ), decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ), feeling more hungry . fever , reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to a serious allergic reaction . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , wheezing , throat , tongue or throat swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , chills and shivering . the severity of adverse events of ritemvia may be increased when ritemvia is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . if you are given bortezomib for the treatment of multiple myeloma the side effects you may get are listed below : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache - tingling - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - vomiting - low blood pressure which may make you feel irritation or have a quickened heartbeat - blood pressure - wheezing , throat or tongue swelling - itchy , runny or blocked nose and vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , shivering - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth - irritation of the throat , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , and shivering . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - tingling - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - vomiting - low blood pressure which may make you feel irritation or have a quickened heartbeat - blood pressure - wheezing , throat , tongue or throat , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth - irritation of the throat , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , and shivering . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - tingling - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - vomiting - low blood pressure which may make you feel irritation or have a quickened heartbeat - blood pressure - wheezing , throat or tongue swelling - itchy , runny or blocked nose and vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , shivering - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth - irritation of the throat , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , and shivering . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - tingling - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - vomiting - low blood pressure which may make you feel irritation or have a quickened heartbeat - blood pressure - wheezing , throat , tongue or throat , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth - irritation of the throat , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , and shivering . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - tingling - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - vomiting - vomiting - low blood pressure which may make you feel irritation or have a quickened heartbeat - blood pressure - wheezing , throat or tongue swelling - itchy , runny or blocked nose and vomiting , sickness , fever , shivering , flu like illness - irritation and irritation in the genital area of the infusion may help to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when capecitabine is used with capecitabine_teva , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by capecitabine_teva or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . if you have any of the following , stop taking capecitabine_teva and tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest area or lips , o fever and / or fever . - dpd acidosis ( see section 4 , " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking capecitabine_teva and tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest area , or pain in the upper right side of the chest . - if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest or lips , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( bronchitis ). - fever and / or blood in your vomit , as these may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with capecitabine_teva . - if you are worried , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives . the following side effect have been reported with silodosin_recordati : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of elation , weak or dizzy . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . if you start to feel dizziness or dizzy when you are not sure it may lead to complications . if you are not sure what you are at the same time , you will have to be treated in a hospital . dizziness and fainting . complications of complications have been reported with this medicine . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly when you are using this medicine . previously see a doctor immediately if you experience any of the effects in this list . previously this is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . dizziness feeling weak or weak , especially when you stand up or being sick . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . tell your doctor if you have any of the following : dizziness or fainting when you are not sure it may lead to complications . if you are not sure what you are at the end of this medicine , please inform your doctor or your pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - angioedema ( low blood pressure ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your own with or without difficulty in breathing . - if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a marked decrease of some white blood cells ( angioedema ) or in the number of white blood cells and blood platelets - severe allergic reactions ( seen rarely , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects are : - angioedema ( low blood sugar ) which can make your skin pale and cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - angioedema ( decrease in blood pressure ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your own , as well as blood in urine . - if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following side effects : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - some side effects : - angioedema ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or anaphylactic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction ( see also above , in this section ) - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : angioedema ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - some side effects : if you experience any of the following , tell your doctor straight away . see also section 2 . - if you experience a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , swelling of the lips , tongue and throat ). these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - some side effects : - angioedema ( very low blood sugar ) which can be life - threatening . - if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to peel or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . - an uncommon side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - some side effects : - angioedema ( very severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention ). - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - angioedema ( seen rarely ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects are : - angioedema ( low blood sugar ) which can make your skin pale and cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects : - angioedema ( decrease in blood pressure ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your own with or without difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - an allergic reaction
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives , allergic reaction with symptoms such as tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , chills , hives and low blood pressure . dizziness may 2 to treatment . your doctor will perform some tests before and during treatment with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , bleeding , bleeding , dizziness low blood pressure , low blood pressure , allergic reaction ( e . g . wheezing , chills , wheezing , chills and hives ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as wheezing , low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , chills or hives , hives , allergic reaction with symptoms such as wheezing , low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness_of_the_chest , difficulty in breathing , chills or hives , hives or hives . allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness_of_the_chest , difficulty in breathing , chills or hives , hives or hives . allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness_of_the_chest , difficulty in breathing , chills or hives , hives or hives . allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , chills , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing or difficulty in breathing . allergic reactions including symptoms such as dizziness , chills and hives . allergic reactions may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction with symptoms such as wheezing , low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the following side effects have been reported with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - shivering , - severe bleeding , - dizziness , - nausea , - vomiting , - difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , - dizziness , - nausea , - vomiting , - difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , seizures , memory impairment , confusion , memory loss , difficulty speaking , - loss of vision , - a change in your mental status or breathing , palpitations , - a fast heartbeat , changes in vision , - feeling or hearing things that are not real , - shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or bleeding ( palpitations , red or purple spots on the skin , or shaking , anxiety/depression , confusion or convulsions ). these symptoms are more likely to develop these symptoms . - high blood pressure , which could be a sign of sepsis - red blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or pain in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by shaking , anxiety/depression , confusion , convulsions and / or convulsions . these symptoms are usually mild and short - lived . - if you experience high blood pressure , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you suffer from any of these symptoms , as soon as possible : - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , shaking , anxiety/depression , confusion or confusion , or convulsions . these symptoms are more likely to develop these symptoms . - high blood pressure , which could be a sign of sepsis - red blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or pain in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by shaking , anxiety/depression , confusion , convulsions and / or convulsions . these symptoms are more likely to develop these symptoms . - high blood pressure , which could be a sign of sepsis - red blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or pain in the hands and soles of the feet ( e . g . shaking , anxiety/depression , confusion , confusion ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you experience one or more of the following : - fever : - shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or shaking , anxiety/depression , anxiety/depression , confusion or convulsions . these may be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to increase your heparin dose if you experience unusual bleeding . - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine , tell your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with temomedac . - unusual bruising or bleeding , pain in the palms of your hands and soles of your feet which may be accompanied by shaking , anxiety/depression or confusion ( convulsions ). - convulsions . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you experience any of these symptoms . - high blood pressure ( hypertension , which may make you feel light - headed ) - changes in your mental status or heartbeat - rapid heartbeat , or shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or palpitations ( palpitations ) - numb , red or purple spots on the skin , or shaking , anxiety/depression , confusion or convulsions ( convulsions ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - high blood pressure - sepsis ( a type of bleeding that affects clot of your lung ) - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common : - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine , if you have unusual abdominal pain , or shortness of breath or if you have any of the following symptoms : - fever , - shivering , - reddening of the face , - pain , redness , bruising
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , swelling of the face or throat . serious side effects : if you notice any of the following , stop taking cialis and tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . - sudden loss of consciousness . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , reflux or blurred vision , eye pain or nitrates , which are frequency that the frequency is not known . other side effects are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain or nitrates , headache low blood pressure , high blood pressure , allergic reactions such as rashes , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach , blurred vision , eye_pain eye pain , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , heart attack and stroke have also been reported with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach , blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , heart attack and stroke have also been reported . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach , blurred vision , eye_pain eye pain , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , inflammation of the small vessels of the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , heart attack and stroke . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , inflammation of the small vessels of the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach , blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itchy skin , inflammation of the surface of the eye , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , inflammation of the small vessels of the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , inflammation of the small vessels of the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported . frequency not
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : swelling may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get symptoms such as swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling or being sick ( nausea or diarrhoea ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you develop symptoms such as swelling , swelling of your face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infusion - related reactions ( see section 2 : what you need to know before you take enyglid ): swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling , swelling of the skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may do regular blood tests to check your liver function ( hypersensitivity ). other side effects 31 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , pain , redness of the skin , back pain , joint pain , and tiredness , decreased consciousness , rapid pulse , fever , infection , bacteria , nosebleeds , shivering , abdominal pain , blood in your stool , pain or easy bruising . these signs can be signs of pneumonia such as low blood levels of some types of platelets , which are important in fighting infection and bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration , severe chest pain , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , itching or rash . this could be a sign of an infection of the lungs . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which carry oxygen in the blood ) indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ) rash ( pruritus ) high level of potassium in the blood , low level of some white blood cells called platelets ( phosphorus or uric acid in the blood ) low level of platelets in the blood , which may be a sign of kidney problems , including kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , runny nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , vomiting , skin_rash skin rash , hair_colour_change , loss of hair , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , and / or muscle pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , inability to achieve or maintain an erection , sensation of taste , dry skin , itchy skin , itchiness , hives , skin reddening , skin discolouration , hives , loss of stinging sensation , stinging , loss of sensation , stinging , loss of sensation , burning sensation , sensitivity to light , loss of hair , sensitivity to light , itchiness of skin , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss and hair texture abnormal hair texture . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of smell , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , eyelid swelling , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itchiness , hives , skin reddening , skin reddening , hives , generalised itching , stinging , loss of sensation , stinging , loss of sensation , stinging , loss of sensation , burning sensation , sensitivity to light , loss of hair , sensitivity to light , loss of hair , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss and abnormal hair texture . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of smell , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , eyelid swelling , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itchiness , hives , skin reddening , skin reddening , hives , generalised itching , stinging , loss of sensation , stinging , loss of sensation , stinging , loss of sensation , burning sensation , sensitivity to light , increased hair loss , loss of hair , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss and abnormal hair texture abnormal hair texture . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye irritation , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of nplate . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : signs of low blood sugar : - bleeding , pain , redness , swelling or swelling at the infusion site . - allergic reaction , shortness of breath , cough , dry mouth , lip swelling or painful_breathing ( palpitations ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - nose bleeds - sore throat - mouth ulcers - fever - chills - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - heartburn - diarrhoea - constipation - itching of the skin - rash - increased body temperature - side effects in children uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - bone pain and discomfort - weight increase - weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness , difficulty sleeping , grinding or clenching the teeth , feeling disorientated , dizziness , decreased feeling or sensitivity , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ) - fast heart beat ( hypoaesthesia ) - indigestion , heartburn , constipation - weight increase - weight increase , back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - back pain - increased heart rate - increased heart rate - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness - brain infection - blurred vision - a fast heart beat ( hypoaesthesia ) - dizziness - decreased feeling or sensitivity , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ) - fast heart beat ( hypoaesthesia ) - indigestion , heartburn , constipation - weight increase - weight increase , - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - back pain - increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness - brain infection - blurred vision - dizziness - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the skin ( tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ) - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - indigestion , heartburn - constipation - weight increase - weight increase - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - increased heart beat - blood clots in the veins in the blood ( seen in tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness and brain infection - blurred vision - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - indigestion - heartburn - constipation - weight increase - weight increase - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - increased heart beat - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - pain - redness and swelling around any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd with or without copd ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness , and fever ( signs of a low level of calcium in the blood ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - fever - tiredness - muscle stiffness - confusion - loss of muscle coordination - faintness , muscle stiffness , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - fever - tiredness - muscle stiffness - confusion - lack of energy , confusion - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness , during or after a period , or other problems - problems with your kidneys ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) - light - headedness - cough - shortness of breath - wheezing - shortness of breath - asthma - shortness of breath - asthma - back pain - confusion - loss of muscle coordination - faintness - muscle stiffness , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - fever - tiredness - muscle stiffness - confusion - lack of energy , confusion - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness , during or after a period , or other problems - problems with your kidneys ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - fever - tiredness - muscle stiffness , confusion - loss of muscle movements , - faintness , muscle stiffness , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - fever - tiredness - muscle stiffness - confusion - lack of energy , confusion - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness , during or after a history of the medicine - muscle stiffness , blood in the urine , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - fever - tiredness - muscle stiffness , confusion - loss of muscle movements , - faintness , muscle stiffness , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells in your blood ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - fever - tiredness - muscle stiffness - confusion - lack of energy , confusion - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness , during or after a history of the medicine - muscle stiffness , blood in the urine , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , such as pain , pain in extremity , back pain , muscle aches , tiredness , decreased consciousness , rapid pulse , fever , infection , bacteria , nosebleeds , shivering , abdominal pain , blood in your stool , pain or easy bruising . these signs may be signs of pneumonia such as low blood pressure , blood in your stool or at least one additional side effects ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). feeling tired , headache , dizziness , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , constipation , elevated level of liver enzymes ( urticaria ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): loss of hair ( dysgeusia ), enlargement of the lining of the intestine ( heartbeat ), heartbeat , speech disorder , hypertension , skin reactions , injection site redness , redness and rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache feeling tired ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) abnormal sensation in the mouth difficulty sleeping eye pain 34 dizziness 34 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of fatigue or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called fever , chills , fatigue , confusion , drowsiness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , as these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic_acid_hospira . - low blood pressure ( including low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness , and a tingling feeling in your mouth and / or jaw . - talk to your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called fever , - chills , - fatigue , - confusion , - drowsiness , - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , - as this may be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic_acid_hospira . - low blood pressure ( including low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness , and / or tingling in hands and feet , as these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with arsenic or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure ( including low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness ( hypocalcaemia ), as these may be signs of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : o swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and possibly that contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience localised pain , stiffness , stiffness or sores in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with treatment or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure ( including low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a high temperature ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness ( hypocalcaemia ), as these may be signs of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling or pain , which may make your mouth and gets worse . contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness or stiffness , particularly in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with treatment or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure ( including low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a high temperature ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the infusion , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be an early warning signs of an allergic reaction . ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction are : shortness of breath , feeling sleepy , stomach upset , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , acid reflux , feeling tired , lack of energy , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears ( back back ), back pain , fever and immediately contact a doctor immediately if you experience fever , decreased number of white blood cells , which may make you be more prone to a severe decrease in a type of white blood cells which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . muscle weakness ( rhabdomyolysis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal or abnormal bowel movements - diarrhoea - indigestion - 29 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - somnolence - headache - stomach upset - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair loss or acne - abnormal hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal or change in your stomach or bowel - change in your sense of taste - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal sense of taste - dry mouth - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal or change in your sense of taste - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - bowel pain - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - bowel : back pain - fever - immediately - reduced number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or other high blood pressure - which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called rhabdomyolysis ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal or abnormal bowel movements - diarrhoea - indigestion - 29 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - somnolence - headache - stomach upset - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal or change in your sense of taste - change in your sense of taste 29 - dry mouth - dry mouth - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal or change in your stomach or bowel - change in your sense of taste - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal or change in your stomach or bowel - change in your sense of taste - back pain - fever - immediately - reduced number of white blood cells which may make you more prone to a severe decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( which can result in increased risk of your bowel ) - a decrease in the levels of some liver enzymes - which may be a sign of muscle damage ( rhabdomyolysis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal or abnormal bowel movements - diarrhoea - indigestion - 29 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - somnolence - headache - stomach upset - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair loss or acne - abnormal hair loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following : headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone or muscle pain , muscle spasm , fever , runny nose ( thrush ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction with rash , itching and hives . skin rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma "). other side effects reported with clopidogrel_acino_pharma may experience : common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_acino_pharma ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_acino_pharma ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare : may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_acino_pharma ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , wind ( flatulence ). diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , anxiety , abnormal dreams difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , lack of energy ( asthenia ), increase in liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) − allergy , inflammation of the lining of the large intestine , bumps , inflammation , pain and increase in liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) and increased muscle enzyme in the blood . increased frequency of kidney problems , softening of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ), damage to kidney tubule cells , kidney failure , damage to kidney tubule cells , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney test results , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney damage , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy when standing up , which may be a sign of sensitivity to your ears , such as sensitivity of the ears , tingling or feeling dizzy , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people feeling sleepy feeling dizzy feeling or being sick , sleepy , fast or irregular heartbeat , sensitivity to light , feeling or being sick , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , sleepy , fast muscle contractions , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth , excessive sweating muscle or muscle pain , decreased or loss of sense of taste tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , abnormal sense of taste muscle or tingling , ringing in the ears , dry mouth decreased sense of touch feeling restless , problems falling asleep , muscle twitching , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth , changes in muscle tone or loss of taste tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth abnormal sense of taste muscle pain , 37 feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy or having dry mouth reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause itching , skin rash , blistering and peeling of the skin , rash , peeling , rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain , loss of hair , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( including the hand and needles ), feeling tired , abnormal blood tests , which may be a sign of pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( including the hand and needles ), feeling tired , abnormal blood test results , which may cause pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal blood tests , which may be a sign of pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests , pain in the joints , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - eye swelling . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and blood_clots e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , stop using simbrinza and tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your skin . cough , itching , pain and sensitivity to light , rash , generalised rash ( rash ). very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), eye pain or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause a reaction to the sun , such as cough , shortness of breath , cough , general feeling of being unwell , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inability to sleep fainting or fainting , high blood pressure , nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , passing wind , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , frequent urination , frequent urination or difficulty in getting or keeping an erection eyelid , drowsiness , changes in mental status or palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache , fainting , fast heart beat , widening of blood vessels , fainting , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , intestinal gas , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , passing wind , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent eyelid , drowsiness , changes in your vision , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , - stomach ache , fainting , - fast heart beat , - nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , intestinal gas , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , passing wind , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in extremity , frequent or frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , drowsiness very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , - loss of appetite , - fainting , - loss of appetite , - nightmares , - depression , - nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , - palpitations , irregular heart rate , - rapid heart rate , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , - stomach ache , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , passing wind , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , or spasm , joint pain , pain in your arms or legs , - frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , drowsiness , changes in your sense of smell , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , - stomach ache , - fainting , - collection of blood in the stool , - fainting . - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache and / or fainting , - decrease in white blood cells - nightmares - movement disorders , nightmares - depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach ache , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , passing wind , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in extremity , frequent or frequent urination , frequent urination
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following : signs of a blood clot : - weakness , breathlessness , bleeding , bruising , or bleeding . these may be signs of bleeding , or if you get any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - infusion - related reactions ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite - diarrhoea - loss of appetite ( mucositis ) - a change in your mood or loss of taste - this may be a sign of bleeding in your stomach or intestines ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - reduced number of red blood cells - reduction in blood platelets which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - loss of appetite - fatigue - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - loss of appetite - hair loss ( alopecia ) - rash - low level of blood platelets ( neutrophils ) - joint pain - dry skin - constipation - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - 60 if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever - abnormal blood test results for liver function - signs include : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of liver function ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of liver function ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of liver function ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of liver function ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of liver function ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of liver function ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of liver function ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as this can be a sign of liver problems ( hepatitis ). - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) - itching of the skin ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( difficulties in passing urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( difficulties in passing urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( difficulties in passing urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( difficulties in passing urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( difficulties in passing urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious allergic reactions : hives or swallowing , dizziness or light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling , pain , injection site swelling . other side effects with emgality : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as pain , swelling , itching or bruising ( signs of low blood pressure ) feeling light - headed , dizziness , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , light - headedness or low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure - difficulty in breathing if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , decreased appetite , decreased appetite . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , decreased appetite , decreased appetite . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , decreased appetite , decreased appetite . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , 50 joint pain , itching , dry skin , itching , joint pain , 50 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), constipation , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , thinning , swelling of limbs , mouth , tongue or limbs , joint pain , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , flu - like illness , fatigue , shortness of breath , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , joint pain , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , itching - 50 - joint pain , 50 - joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , fatigue , - weight gain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , heartburn , - loss of appetite , decreased appetite - tiredness , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching - dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , rash - 50 - joint pain , rash - itching , dry skin , itching - 50 - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , - cough , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , - unusual hair loss or thinning , swelling of limbs , mouth , tongue or limbs , joint pain , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , itching - flu - like illness , fatigue , shortness of breath , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , itching - joint pain , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , - unusual hair loss or thinning , - itching , dry skin , rash - 50 - joint pain , 50 - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , - decreased appetite - constipation , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , - unusual hair loss or rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 - joint pain , - flu - like symptoms , fatigue , - weight gain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , heartburn , - loss of appetite , decreased appetite - tiredness ( difficulty sleeping ), constipation , itching - dry skin ,
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , fever , skin reactions , abnormal liver function tests , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , loss of strength , tenderness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash and hives . these reactions have been reported in an allergic reaction . an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or inflammation_of_the_lung , which may be signs of inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . serious allergic reactions , which may cause difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or mouth ulcers . serious allergic reactions , such as rash , hives , rash and rash have been reported . some of these reactions have been serious . if you experience an allergic reaction , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , and / or fever , which may be signs of inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . serious allergic reactions , which may cause difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands and tenderness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash and hives . these reactions have been reported in some patients receiving this medicine . if you experience an allergic reaction , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin or groin in your armpits , damage to bleeding , or bleeding in your brain . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or sores in your groin . if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or tightness in your mouth . if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( see section " warnings and precautions '). - fever - sore throat - difficulty breathing - chest pain - shortness of breath - a severe stomach or abdominal pain - nausea , vomiting or confusion - symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - serious infections ( very common ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling , and / or swelling around the infusion site . symptoms may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath . - serious skin rash , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - nausea , vomiting and bloody stools . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), which is a common side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people - redness , swelling or other parts of the body . symptoms may include fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing or chest pain , shortness of breath . - severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling , and / or swelling around the infusion site . symptoms may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath . - serious skin rash , which may be life - threatening , - nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools ( possible signs of a severe infection , which may be life - threatening , - life - threatening , - fever , - sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your ears ). - serious allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling , and / or swelling around the infusion site . symptoms may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath . - serious skin rash , which may be life - threatening , - nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools ( possible signs of serious problems such as : - fever or sore throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling_of_the_eyelids swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching ) or itching of the skin . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - redness , swelling or reactions of the body . symptoms may include fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing or chest pain , shortness of breath . - serious skin rash , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - nausea , vomiting and bloody stools . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), which is a common side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people - redness , swelling or other parts of the body .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) excessive thirst and hunger ( frequent and frequent urination ) itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause itching , hives , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high level of " lactic bodies " in your blood ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms include excessive thirst , hunger or other signs of infection ( herpes zoster ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( known as hyperglycaemia , which may be a sign of excessive thirst and frequent urination ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( lactic acidosis ) hyperglycaemia , symptoms of which may include excessive thirst and hunger ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) cough sore throat or difficulty swallowing ( oropharyngeal pain ) low level of potassium in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) inflamed stomach ( abdomen ) pain in legs pain in muscles , bones and / or joints ( musculoskeletal pain ) stomach discomfort feeling sick ( nausea ) itching_voice_alteration ( flatulence ) diarrhoea diarrhoea weight loss 75 ( urinary tract infection ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to a very serious allergic reaction . if this happens , you must stop your doctor and tell your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : hives , skin reactions , itching , feeling weak , tired , dental problems , difficulty walking , sudden loss of vision , which may be a sign of serious infections including life - threatening allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects include : a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , difficulty swallowing , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite , weight loss , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bacterial or viral infections - bronchitis - decrease in the number of white blood cells - fever - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - pain in the stomach - irritation or ulcers in your mouth - feeling bloated - being sick ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite - weight loss - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : angioedema ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness or breathing difficulties ) cough , fever , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting and diarrhoea , as it could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : extravasation ( fits ) or inflammation of the bowel ( angioedema ) ( rare ): may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , breathing difficulties , cough , fever , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting and diarrhoea , as it could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( pres ). symptoms of extravasation ( such as extravasation ) such as swollen face , throat or tongue swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , itching , itchy rash ( hives ) severe allergic reaction ( which may cause yellowing of the eyes and / or the whites of the eyes ) ( erythema multiforme ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain at the site of injection application site redness and inflammation at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection ( application site reaction ) inflammation and inflammation at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin reactions at the site of injection itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling of confused , tingling , burning sensation , or pain in your arms , legs , legs , legs , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet , loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , dizziness , headache or coughing up blood . these could be symptoms of liver problems . shortness of breath stomach problems such as stomach pain , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine : increase of certain enzymes in the blood : high level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood tests . liver problems such as weight gain , constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headaches , confused , constipation , dry mouth , stomach discomfort , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the number of certain types of white blood cells called magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood tests , an increase in the level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood tests , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive ketoacidosis . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of allergic reaction death : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , eye pain , eye redness , redness , itching , swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), damage to the surface of the eyes ( cornea ), damage to the clear layer of the mouth ( cornea ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 47 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area with or without difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or hives , reddening of the skin over your whole body , as these may be symptoms of jaundice ( yellowing of the eyes or skin ). these may be signs of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - weakness , feeling sick , severe vomiting , vomiting and jaundice ( yellow discoloration of the eyes or the whites of your eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - dehydration - very fast heartbeat - dehydration - dry mouth - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - loss of appetite - blood in the urine - pain in the upper right side of the stomach area - dry or ulcers - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , sometimes with difficulty breathing or hives ) - itchy skin ( hives ) - itchy skin ( hives ) - a rare severe heart disorder ( necrosis ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - mild allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - vomiting - being sick ( nausea ) - nausea - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain - redness or bruising - bruising of the skin - symptoms include : o swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing ; hives and nettle rash ( hives ) and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - mild allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ) - nausea - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain - redness or bruising - bruising or bruising of the skin - symptoms include : o swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing ; hives and nettle rash ( hives ) and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an enlargement and died of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) - vomiting - being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - blood in the urine ( sign of kidney problems ) - pain - redness or bruising of the skin - fever - an increase in body temperature uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - mild allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ) - nausea - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain - redness or bruising - bruising or bruising of the skin - symptoms include : o swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing ; hives and nettle rash ( hives ) and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an enlargement and died of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) - vomiting - being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - blood in the urine ( sign of kidney problems ) - pain - redness or bruising of the skin - fever - an increase in body temperature uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - mild allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ) - nausea - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain - redness or bruising - bruising or bruising of the skin - symptoms include : o swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing ; hives and nettle rash ( hives ) and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an enlargement and died of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( died
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath or fainting , which may be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . if you experience symptoms such as rashes , shortness of breath or fainting , which may be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . if you have symptoms of rashes such as shortness of breath or fainting , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). symptoms include : - urinary retention - pain , burning , numbness or burning - speaking to the speaking , especially in the tongue , lips , face or body . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience : - fever , signs of sore_throat , sore throat or coughing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or discomfort , chills or lack of energy , loss of taste , acne , - change in your mental status or vertigo , confusion , confusion or tiredness . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells which can cause symptoms such as shortness of breath , watery hands or coughing_up_blood , coughing up blood , which may be signs of heart attack or attack - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and around the anus . - if you have symptoms of heart_failure such as blood in your urine , shortness of breath , and / or throat tightness ( which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the mouth ) - after taking this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - blindness - loss of movement in your face - hands or hands of the feet - hives - redness of the skin - peeling of the hands or soles of the anus - hives - redness of the skin - skin peeling or discomfort - chills - passing little or no water ( urine ) - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results ( vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness ) - increased appetite . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells which can cause symptoms such as shortness of breath or ankle swelling - coughing up blood , which may be a sign of heart attack , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the veins of the mouth and / or anus when taking this medicine . it is not known how common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness , breathing difficulties , hands or hands of the hands and feet of the anus - hives , redness of the skin , skin peeling , discomfort or chills - passing little or no water ( urine ), - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often , vertigo - confusion , confusion , tiredness and increased appetite . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells which can cause symptoms such as shortness of breath , watery hands or coughing_up_blood , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , blood clots in your veins , especially in the mouth or in the anus . when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you get any of the following , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness , breathing difficulties , hands or hands of the hands and genitals ( e . g . hives , redness of the skin , skin peeling , discomfort ) - chills , inability to sleep , loss of taste , acne - change in your sense of taste , vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness and increased blood pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells which can cause symptoms such as shortness of breath or ankle swelling , which may be a sign of heart attack , which could be a sign of a blood clot in the veins of the mouth and / or anus . when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you get side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . as lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . lactic acidosis is a very rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . lactic acidosis is a very rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but may be life - threatening . symptoms include : muscle weakness weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body . if you get any symptoms of infection : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . lactic acidosis is a rare but serious side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms above . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . lactic acidosis is a very rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening if it is important to you or your child ' s doctor . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening if it is important to you or your child ' s doctor . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening if it is important to you or your child ' s doctor . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening if it is important to you or your child ' s doctor . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening if it is important to you or your child ' s doctor . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening if it is important to you or your child ' s doctor . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening if it is important to you or your child ' s doctor . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening if it is important to you or your child ' s doctor . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening if it is important to you or your child ' s doctor . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rapid breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue ( common ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): loss of consciousness ( fever ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain or discomfort , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling and discomfort in your arms and legs , abdominal discomfort or discomfort , swelling of your legs , constipation , itching , rash of the skin , muscle pain or spasms . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : ear pain or enlargement , spasms , or feeling of tightness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with prolia or after stopping treatment . electrocardiogram has been observed with treatment with prolia . electrocardiogram and ecg in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation that electrocardiogram your heart rhythm ). symptoms may include : dryness , redness , swelling , pain and leg pain at the infusion site . in children and adolescents , children and adolescents during treatment , usually at the start of treatment , usually at the start of treatment . if you experience these symptoms , please inform your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you notice any of the following symptoms after treatment with prolia has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you have an inflammation and / or a different medicine for your diabetes . if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : bone pain , spasms or spasms which may be associated with a sensation of tingling or pins and needles in the joints , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with treatment or after stopping treatment . electrocardiogram has been observed with treatment with prolia . electrocardiogram and electrocardiogram in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation that electrocardiogram your heart rhythm ). symptoms may include : dryness , redness , swelling , pain and leg pain at the infusion site . children and adolescents in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : ear pain and difficulties in breathing . if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other effects that may be seen during treatment with prolia : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling , swollen or itchy skin , blistering of the skin . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine , spasms , spasms , swelling of the limbs , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), swelling of the eyelid , swelling , swollen or blistering of the skin . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blood in the urine , spasms , spasms , swelling of the limbs , severe pain in the joints and / or jaw , which may occasionally occur . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the leg or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you develop a persistent cough . swelling , sometimes accompanied by dryness , dryness of the skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): blood in urine ; spasms , spasms , sometimes associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); inflammation of the nerves ( neuritis ) may occur in patients who are treated with treatment with treatment with treatment and / or during or after stopping treatment . electrocardiogram has been associated with symptoms such as dryness , redness , swelling , and pain and leg pain at the infusion site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine , spasms , spasms , swelling of the limbs , small red or purple spots on the skin . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine , spasms , spasms , swelling of the limbs , particularly in the jaw , and loosening of a tooth . these symptoms
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - breathing problems - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical attention : - flu - like symptoms , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , flu - like symptoms , which may be associated with fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - feeling tired , loss of consciousness , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a combination of severely not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - loss of consciousness , fever ( feeling dizzy or loss of consciousness ) - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling or tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever - severe chills with stiff neck , severely decreased urine output and feeling less hungry . - severe flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or loss of consciousness ( signs of severe skin reactions ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or a general feeling of tiredness . - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , - mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or a general feeling of tiredness . - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness , feeling tired or very tired , or loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness , feeling tired or very tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - feeling tired or tired . - signs of flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or a general feeling of tiredness . - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness , feeling tired or very tired , or loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness , feeling tired , very tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a combination of flu - like symptoms , which may be life - threatening . - if you experience flu - like symptoms , followed by loss of consciousness , fever , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or a general feeling of tiredness . - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness , feeling tired , very tired , or loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of flu - like symptoms , such as fever , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which could be symptoms of a rash , fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing , - high blood pressure , - fainting , - loss of consciousness , - fits , - fainting , - changes in your mental status , or collapse or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - fainting , changes in breathing , or feeling faint or fainting , - loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience fainting , feel light - headed or have difficulty breathing , as these may be symptoms of seizures ( fits ), - if you experience loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures ( fits ) - if you experience loss of consciousness , if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice 2 . - a combination of fever , faster breathing , feel feeling unwell , fainting or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of seizures ( see section 2 : - if you experience fever , blisters , or blisters on the injection site at the injection site , such as peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite ). these symptoms may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which could make you feel collapse or have loss of consciousness , which may make you feel faint or have loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of seizures ( see section 2 : - if you experience fever , blisters , or blisters on the injection site at the injection site , such as peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite ). these symptoms may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which could make you feel collapse or feel loss of consciousness , which may make you feel faint or have loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as there may be a sign of seizures ( fits ), fits , feeling faint , difficulty breathing or swallowing , photophobia ( fits ), or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) high uric acid levels in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): generalised allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation_of_the_vein , inflammation_of_the_vein ) and skin reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) certain types of lung disease ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) local reactions ( such as skin reactions , phlebitis ) and inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , including cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): elevated bilirubin in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis ). inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , including cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis ). recurrence of hepatitis b ( a liver infection ). if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blood tests may show an increased level of potassium in your blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): elevated bilirubin in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with epoetin alfa hexal . blood abnormalities in the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood pressure . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop taking intuniv and tell your doctor straight away . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of rash , chest pain or discomfort while being treated with intuniv . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe pain in the stomach or intestines ; feeling your heart beat ( tachycardia ) ; feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; abdominal pain ; rash ; rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain ; fast heart beat ( tachycardia ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; being sick ( vomiting ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ) ; heartburn ( reflux of food from finger stools ); indigestion ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ); indigestion ( dyspepsia ) ; abdominal pain ; rash ( pollakiuria ) in the abdomen ; feeling sick ( nausea ); constipation ; breaking wind ( flatulence ); abdominal distension ; rash ( pollakiuria ) or changes in the way things taste ; feeling unwell ( malaise ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; being sick ( vomiting ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ) − stomach discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ) − abdominal pain ; rash ( pollakiuria ) in the abdomen ; feeling sick ( nausea ); constipation ; breaking wind ( flatulence ); abdominal distension ; rash ( pollakiuria ) or gamma - glutamyltransferase ; syncope ; chest pain ; feeling unwell ( malaise ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ∑ high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); constipation ; being sick ( vomiting ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; rash ( pollakiuria ) in the abdomen ; feeling sick ( nausea ); constipation ; breaking wind ( flatulence ); abdominal distension ; rash ( pollakiuria ) or inflamed stomach ( gastritis ); pain in the lower abdomen ; feeling sick ( nausea ); constipation ; breaking wind ( flatulence ) ; abdominal discomfort ; rash ( pollakiuria ) in the urine ; feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ∑ high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; rectal bloating ; constipation ; being sick ( vomiting ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal distension ; swollen abdomen ; dryness of the stomach ; indigestion ; abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal distension ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ) ∑ stomach pain ; rash ( pollakiuria ) in the urine ; feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ∑ high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; rectal bloating ; constipation ; being sick ( vomiting ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal distension ; swollen stomach ; dyspepsia ( indigestion ) ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal discomfort ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); abdominal pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ) ∑ stomach pain ; rash ( pollakiuria ) in the urine ; feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ∑ high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; dyspepsia ( constipation ); constipation ; abdominal pain ; discomfort in the abdomen ; feeling sick ( nausea ); abdominal distension ; swollen
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - liver problems such as : - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis , rash , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , - flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis , rash , headache - low blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , high blood pressure , flushing - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , - abnormal intestine , intestine - cholestasis , rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching , - pruritis ( rash ), - pain at injection site , - rash ( pruritis ), - rash , - pruritis , - rash , - pruritis ( rash ), - pain at injection site , - rash ( pruritis ), - rash , - pruritis ( rash ), - pain at injection site , - rash ( pruritis ), - rash , - pruritis ( rash ), - pain at injection site , rash ( including pain at the injection site , rash ) - injection site reactions ( such as rash , itching or pruritis ) - rash , itching , - pruritis ( rash ), - pain at injection site , rash ( including pain at the injection site , rash ) - injection site reactions ( such as rash , itching or pruritis ) - rash , itching , - pruritis ( rash ), - pain at injection site , rash ( including pain at the injection site , rash ) - injection site reactions ( such as rash , itching , pruritis , rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash , itching ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following early symptoms of allergic reactions : rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness in the chest , general feeling of being unwell dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting severe symptoms , which may be severe and life - threatening . if severe , sudden allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment . rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - dizziness or fainting - flu - like symptoms , such as flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - severe allergic reaction that may cause flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives , require prompt emergency 2 . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - mild allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). - symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe symptoms including wheals , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and loss of consciousness . - fainting . - severe severe allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the symptoms above , stop using adynovi and contact your doctor immediately . - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives or wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting ) - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives and weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - mild allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). - symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe symptoms including wheals , wheals or generalised swelling of face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness . - if you notice any severe symptoms , tell your doctor , nurse or hospital pharmacist . - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and loss of consciousness ) - fainting . - severe severe allergic reaction . if you get any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following severe symptoms , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) factor viii inhibitors ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ). if this happens , your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe tiredness ( wheals ) - wheals - wheals - swelling of the face and tongue - swelling of the face - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness , difficulty breathing and swallowing . these symptoms may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . if you experience symptoms such as pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting , ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , which may be a sign of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - nausea - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( nausea ) - vomiting - vomiting - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome - breast pain - headache - chest pain - pain in the chest - drowsiness ( tiredness ) - dizziness - drowsiness - dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - kidney stones - chest pain - chest pain - pain in the chest - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , swelling of and / or joints and / or discomfort - pain in the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - kidney stones - breast pain - chest pain - pain in the chest - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , swelling of and / or joints and / or discomfort - pain in the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - kidney stones - breast pain - breast pain - leakage of urine - drowsiness , drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , swelling of and / or joints and / or discomfort - discomfort in the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - kidney stones - breast pain - breast pain - leakage of urine - drowsiness - drowsiness - swelling of the hands , feet and legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - drowsiness - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting , vomiting - pain , swelling of and / or joints and / or discomfort - discomfort in the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - kidney stones - breast pain - chest pain - pain in the chest - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , swelling of and / or joints and / or discomfort - pain in the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - kidney stones - breast pain - chest pain - pain in the chest - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , pain and swelling of the abdomen and / or joints - nausea , vomiting - dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - kidney stones - breast pain - chest pain - chest pain - pain in the chest - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , swelling of and / or joints and / or discomfort - pain in the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - kidney stones - breast pain - chest pain - pain in the chest - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , swelling of and / or joints and / or discomfort - pain in the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - kidney stones - breast pain - chest pain - pain in the chest - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , pain and swelling of the abdomen and / or joints - nausea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you notice any of the following , stop using revinty_ellipta and tell a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - face or raised_patches_in_the_mouth on your face , hands , feet or throat ( difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - sore throat or throat ( signs of angioedema ) - becoming very wheezy , coughing or feeling very anxious or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) - if you suddenly feel unwell or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells , which can cause fever and chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - chills - increased mucus production and change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased a change in your sense of taste . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - chills - increased mucus production and change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - chills - increased mucus production and change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold sores - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold - increased level of uric acid in the blood - low level of phosphate in the blood - increased uric acid in the blood - increased mucus in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - chills - increased mucus production and change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold - increased level of uric acid in the blood -
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of atripla : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people − stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , dry skin , feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ), muscle pain , muscle cramps , a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood , damage to the skin and allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause blistering or blistering of the skin ), blistering of the skin ( erythema ), blistering or swelling of the skin ( 2 ), blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): itching , changes in skin colour including kidney , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 2 . of severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reaction ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe skin reactions including erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by erythema_multiforme ( erythema multiforme ), severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other skin problems such as erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe skin reactions including erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by erythema_multiforme and erythema multiforme . - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). - severe skin reaction ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , erythema multiforme ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of allergic reactions : anaphylaxis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) swelling , redness , swelling or fluid retention ( this could be a sign of low levels of red blood cells ) nausea ( abdominal pain ) if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abdominal pain swelling of the face or throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling or redness at the site of injection if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the infusion must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction : - low blood pressure - shortness of breath - wheezing ( bronchospasm ) - hives - blisters on the skin where the patch is applied ( irritation ) or feeling sick ( nausea ) these symptoms can be signs of a possible increase in the level of some liver enzymes in the blood . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , itching , hives and skin rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , stop using roactemra and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , itching , skin rash , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth , fever ( possible signs of serious infections such as neutropenia , neutropenia , leucopenia ) and white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of red blood cells ( seen in tests ) decreases in the number of red blood cells or in the blood ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood increase in liver enzymes inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and whites of the tongue ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , itching , skin rash , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth , fever ( possible signs of serious infections such as neutropenia , neutropenia , leucopenia ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), increase in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of red blood cells ( including an increase in the number of liver enzymes ), inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) − inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), increased levels of liver enzymes . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) − inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; abnormal liver function test ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; abnormal liver function test ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; abnormal liver function test ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; abnormal liver function test ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ); yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) ∑ abnormal liver function test ; increased bilirubin in the blood ; increased liver enzymes . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; increased liver enzymes . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; abnormal liver function test ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ); yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) ∑ abnormal liver function test ; increased bilirubin in the blood ; increased liver enzymes . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; increased liver
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing_difficulties ; unusual movements ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you feel pain , swelling , redness or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you develop symptoms such as abdominal pain , swelling , swelling or redness at the infusion site . these can be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your tongue and throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue , tongue or throat - feeling short of breath or breathing - you may be having a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you develop pain , swelling , redness or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you notice a cough , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - feeling short of breath or breathing - suddenly feeling sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea with bloody treatment ( may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ). - if you get symptoms such as swollen face , tongue or tongue or other severe pain , swelling , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes shown in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of allergy : - a serious allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your tongue and throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your tongue and throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your tongue and throat - swelling of your tongue and throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of the skin , which may be a symptom of a serious allergic reaction . - redness , swelling and / or pain and fever at the site of the treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy - a serious allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your tongue and throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your tongue or throat - a severe allergic reaction - like symptoms such as pain , swelling , redness and / or redness of the skin - these symptoms may be signs of a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are described below : if you experience blindness , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . these side effects usually occur after the first dose of this medicine . if you experience blindness , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). if you experience any of these , stop using bemrist_breezhaler and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , throat tightness , difficulty breathing or swallowing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) voice alteration ( including blocked or stuffy nose , sneezing , sore throat or headache ), pain in the arms or legs , muscle pain ( musculoskeletal pain ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat , oral thrush ( candidiasis ), high level of potassium in the blood , muscle spasm , skin rash , rash , abnormal swelling of the skin or around the eyes ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ). blurred vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; severe abdominal pain ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with this_medicine ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; shortness of breath ; indigestion ; nausea ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv treatment themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv treatment themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv treatment themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv treatment themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv treatment themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv treatment themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv treatment themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv treatment themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv treatment themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . therefore , you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) seizures ( fits ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits of the deposits in the deposits these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your eye . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only last a few days to a few weeks . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be related to the use of this medicine . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , itching ( pruritus ), back pain , increased blood pressure in the back of the eye ( eyelid ), depression , shivering , headache , eye irritation , eye irritation , vertigo , changes in mental status , nightmare , depression , fainting ( 2 ), high blood pressure , palpitations , increased sweating , chest pain , wheezing , shivering , palpitations , increased retina at the back of the eye , dry eye , palpitations , high blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits in the deposits in patients with a small blood clot in the eye ( palpitations ), high blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits in the deposits in the deposits in patients with a small blood clot in the small blood vessels ( palpitations ), high blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the bowels or deposits . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the centre of your eye ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your iris ) ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your iris ) ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your iris ) ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your iris ) ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your iris ) and during the first few hours after the start of the medicine . the most common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , itching ( pruritus ), back pain . other side effects the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , itching ( pruritus ), back pain . other side effects the following side effects have been observed with other tetracycline medicines : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , itching ( pruritus ), back pain . other side effects the following side effects have been observed with other tetracycline medicines : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , itching ( pruritus ), back pain . other side effects the following side effects have been observed with other tetracycline medicines : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus , swelling and palms of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may be accompanied by fever and fever . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - skin rash ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps or seizures , headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps or seizures , headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps or seizures , headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps or seizures , headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps or seizures , headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps or seizures , headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps or seizures , headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps or seizures , headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( rash , hives , urticaria ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( rash , hives , urticaria ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , tiredness , drowsiness , headache , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats and sores in the mouth , with symptoms such as fever , drowsiness , sweats or sores in the mouth , with symptoms such as fever , drowsiness , sweats or sores in the mouth and / or throat . these could be symptoms of inflammation of the lung caused by fever , chills , chills and onset of sweats . the following side effects have been reported with edurant : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of serious allergic reactions ( angioedema ), yellowing of the skin and / or the mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of liver problems : oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing collapse . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . liver problems ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking rosiglitazone are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - kidney problems ( angina ) - at_night - light - headedness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - 110 stools - stomach pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - vomiting - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulties in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) are : - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - kidney problems ( angina , angina ) - light - headedness - vomiting - stomach_pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - at_night ( 110 ) - vomiting - 110 stools ( stomach ache ) - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) may occur when insulin is used alone or in combination with rosiglitazone . - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - kidney problems including blood in urine - angina discomfort - vomiting - 110 stools - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - 110 stools - stomach pain - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulties in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) may occur when insulin is used alone or in combination with rosiglitazone . - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - kidney problems including blood in urine - angina discomfort - vomiting - 110 stools - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - 110 stools - stomach pain - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , feeling tired feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) an allergic reaction . the signs may include : difficulty in breathing or wheezing , wheezing or shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , eyes or throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat tightness , throat irritation , dizziness and fainting . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 diarrhoea , 30 pain in the muscles , joints , eye pain , discomfort or swelling at the site of the eyes , and shortness of breath . nose bleeds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in mouth people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 pain in the stomach , discomfort , swelling or swelling at the site of the application , and shortness of breath . if you experience any of the side effects above , tell your doctor straight away : swelling or swelling at the site of the eyes , and shortness of breath . if you experience any of the above , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , and / or throat tightness 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 diarrhoea , 30 pain in the back of your throat , and / or joints , o shortness of breath , and / or throat tightness . swelling of the hands , feet or throat . - shortness of breath . nose bleeds . 28 30 30 30 30 in the mouth and eyes . diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , 30 30 eye pain , discomfort or swelling at the site of the eyes . general : changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and heart rhythm disturbances ( qt prolongation ) which may lead to swelling of the qt interval ( electrocardiogram ) which may be a sign of a heart attack , swelling of the arteries of the heart muscle ( electrocardiogram , qt interval prolongation , electrocardiogram , ringing in the ears , ear pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath or fainting , fainting , fainting ) or fainting . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects listed above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 pain in the muscles , joints , joints , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , or throat , and shortness of breath . nose bleeds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in mouth people ) o diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick , diarrhoea , 30 30 and musculoskeletal pain . decreased sense of touch . eye pain , discomfort and swelling at the application site , and shortness of breath . nose bleeds . throat_tightness 30 30 30 30 in the mouth , eyes and eyes . diarrhoea feeling sick in the stomach , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea 30 eye pain , discomfort , swelling or swelling at the infusion site , change in heart rhythm ( e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ), irregular heart beats , abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram , qt interval prolongation ) swelling of the extremities ( electrocardiogram ), blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) changes in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt interval prolongation ) electrocardiogram , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), eye pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fainting or fainting , fainting , fainting 30 eye pain or discomfort , swelling or swelling at the site of the eyes . general : fluid build - up unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . the signs may include : difficulty in breathing , wheezing or shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , eyes or throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , throat irritation , dizziness and fainting . these may be signs of a heart problem : irregular or slow heart rate , abnormal heart rhythm
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking viagra and seek medical help immediately : - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely . - if you have a seizure , which lasts continuously for more than 4 hours you should contact a doctor immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely . - severe allergic reactions : severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - a severe skin reaction with blistering and peeling of the skin , blistering of the mouth , genitals and around the eyes , fever . - seizures or fits - this occurs rarely other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn , presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed ), feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn , presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed ), feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) common : - urge to behave in an unusual way - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) - confusion - tiredness ( fatigue ) - abnormal dreams - swelling of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( 73 73 - hypotension ) - low weight - constipation - vomiting - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia - abnormal dreams - delusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - amnesia ( memory disturbance ) - hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still ) - paranoia - abnormal dreams - hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still ) - weight increase - hypotension ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - weight increase - hypotension ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - weight increase - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs )* - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with emadine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) eye pain , back pain , increased heart rate , back pain , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , itchy eye , dry eye . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : detachment of the eye , blurred vision , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , itchy eye , dry eye , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , blurred vision , eye redness , eye redness , dry eye , itchy eyes , itchy eyes , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , blurred vision , eye redness , eye redness , dry eye , itchy eyes , itchy eyes , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , itchy eyes , itchy eyes , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , itchy eyes , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , blurred vision , eye redness , eye redness , dry eye , itchy eyes , itchy eyes , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , itchy eyes , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , itchy eyes , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eyes , eye discharge , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , blurred vision , eye redness , eye redness , dry eye , itchy eyes , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : hives ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives or hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives or hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , including or without redness or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or redness , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or glaucoma ( hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain and glaucoma ( / or worsening ) this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients using nucala . symptoms include : swelling of the face , skin itching , itching chest tightness ; swelling of your face , lips , chest tightness ; swelling of your face and throat ; itching ; chest pain ; swelling of the face ; chest pain ; or chest pain ; or cough ∑ immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , cough , stomach pain or discomfort , swollen stomach , ankles or feet ( signs of gastrointestinal problems ) cough high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough , chest pain , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection ( painful or frequent urination ), blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , chest tightness , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , painful painful urination , blood in urine , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ), cough , chest tightness , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , painful painful urination , blood in urine , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ), cough , chest tightness , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . additional side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ), cough , chest tightness , pain , redness or swelling at the site of injection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , painful painful urination , blood in urine , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ), cough , chest tightness , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . additional side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , painful painful urination , blood in urine , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , chest pain , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . additional side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , painful painful urination , blood in urine , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , chest pain , pain , redness and swelling at the site of injection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ) cough , chest pain , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . additional side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ) cough , chest pain , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . additional side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ) cough , chest pain , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . additional side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ) cough , chest pain , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . additional side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : upper abdominal pain , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ) cough , chest pain , pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , may affect more than 1 in 10 people - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the mouth , dry eyes , - back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm - painful urination , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm - painful urination , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia ( a type of infection ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ), - ringing in the ears , - back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm - painful urination , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm - painful urination , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the mouth , - dry eyes , - blocked or blocked nose , - shortness of breath , - nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , - back pain , - back pain , - muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm - painful urination , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , - fever , - infection , - neutropenia ( decreased number of white blood cells ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , - fever , - infection , - neutropenia ( low number of white blood cells ) - neutrophils , - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , - vomiting , - diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , fatigue , - back pain , - muscle spasm , - back pain , - back pain , - muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , increase in white blood cells ), neutrophils , upper respiratory infection , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia ( loss of appetite ), - diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm - painful urination , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , - fever , signs of infection ( neutropenia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as itchy rash , hives , severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or wheezing , symptoms such as itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , severe allergic reactions , which may be symptoms of a rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , severe allergic reactions , which may be symptoms of a rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , severe allergic reactions or difficulty breathing , or wheezing , which may be signs of severe allergic reactions ( very common ). very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - dizziness - feeling sick - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or mouth - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach and stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - pain in your stomach or in your mouth - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - pain in your stomach or stomach - symptoms - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing - severe allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or mouth - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach discomfort - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach discomfort - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and intestinal pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and intestinal pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and intestinal pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain or stomach inflammation - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or mouth - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach and stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach and stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach wall pain - stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - pain in your stomach or stomach - symptoms - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing - other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach and stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - upset stomach or stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - pain in your stomach - symptoms - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing - severe allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : if you experience an allergic reaction , including itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and liver problems , such as nausea , drowsiness , dizziness , confusion , abnormal behaviour , reduced sense of smell , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , psychosis , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision , and other neurological symptoms , changes in behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision , or other neurological problems . inflammation of the brain and spinal cord ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than normal ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , or tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ) - difficulties in speaking , speech disorders ( e . g . numbness , tingling sensations of the hypoaesthesia ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) ( malaise ) - allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor straight away ) if you notice a rash , itching or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat . - increase in liver enzymes . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
