like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following : a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , hives , rash , rash , reddening of the skin , hives ( urticaria ), severe flu-like_symptoms , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , or other skin rash , which may lead to fever ), flu - like symptoms , blisters in the mouth , eyes , and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - tiredness , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath ( fatigue ) - tiredness - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased amount of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased cholesterol levels in your blood ( bilirubin and creatinine ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased cholesterol levels in your blood ( bilirubin and creatinine ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased cholesterol levels in your blood ( bilirubin and creatinine ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased cholesterol levels in your blood ( bilirubin and creatinine ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased cholesterol levels in your blood ( bilirubin and creatinine ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased thirst , increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( e . g . creatinine and fat ) in the blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased thirst , increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( e . g . creatinine and fat ) in the blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased thirst , increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( e . g . creatinine and fat ) in the blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased thirst , increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( e . g . creatinine and fat ) in the blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased thirst , increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( e . g . creatinine and fat ) in the blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased thirst , increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( e . g . creatinine and fat ) in the blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , fatigue - increased thirst - increased level of a substance produced in the blood called creatinine and a protein in the urine - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased thirst - increased level of a substance produced in your blood (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - liver_problems ( often called " blood poisoning ", is death with symptoms [ feeling light - headed , fainting or hopeless ). your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether zinbryta must be stopped . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis ( colds ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis ( bronchitis ), upper respiratory tract infection ( sore throat and runny nose ) - sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : inflammation of the lungs . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : signs of infection or other signs such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . infections : if you notice any of these symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body . if you get any symptoms of infection : - tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following : signs and infection : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you get any of these symptoms : tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following : signs and infection : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you get any of these symptoms : tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following : signs and infection : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . signs of infection : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . signs of infection : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you notice any symptoms of infection : - tell your doctor or nurse straight away . - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you get any symptoms of infection : - tell your doctor or nurse immediately . - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you get any symptoms of infection : - tell your doctor or nurse immediately . - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body . if you get any symptoms of infection : tell your doctor immediately . - if you notice any of the above symptoms : muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . other signs may include : muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . other signs may include : muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the most frequently reported side effect is hypoglycaemia ( hypoglycaemia ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you develop symptoms such as swelling of your face , lips , tongue , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , or fast heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). symptoms of swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach_pain stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , hair loss , hair loss , rash , dry skin . other rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms of swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , hair loss , rash , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pumarix in combination with vaccine . allergic reactions rapid heartbeat and shock have been reported in patients treated with pumarix . hives ( urticaria ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking vaccine in combination with vaccine . signs and symptoms include headache , dizzy , feeling dizzy or sick ( being sick ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle cramps . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity reactions including redness and swelling of the palms of the hands and feet which may be a sign of stomach pain feeling sick ( sick ), stomach ache , joint pain , muscle cramps , and / or feeling thirsty . in addition , patients have experienced the following side effects after receiving pumarix : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people o injection site pain , redness and swelling and / or swelling around the site where you injected the medicine . in general , these side effects may occur with the use of your injection . they usually disappear within a few days to a few weeks . if they do not disappear , please inform your doctor or pharmacist . flu - like symptoms , such as inflammation and bruising , or swelling at the site of injection . stomach pain . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle cramps . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . redness in the mouth , eyes and / or shock ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , difficulty breathing , stinging or stinging at the injection site , itching at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . hypersensitivity reactions ( including hypersensitivity ) if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling , difficulty breathing , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are described below : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can result in increased bruising or bruising ) - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor immediately . - tiredness ( sore or runny nose ) - mouth pain - infections - decreased bruising - bruising - bruising - bleeding in your stomach or stomach - pain in your hands or soles of your feet which may cause blood in your stools or dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your throat - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your throat - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your throat - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your throat - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your throat - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your throat - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your stomach or feet - dark urine - dark urine - yellowing of your skin or eyes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or a wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , a rapid heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , a general feeling of being dizzy , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - a sudden fall in blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . - if you experience a sudden decrease in your pressure , you must seek medical help immediately . - if you experience a combination of very_wheezy , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you suddenly feel unwell , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , tell your doctor as soon as possible , if you notice any of the following breathing difficulties , coughing , coughing or wheezing , difficulty breathing , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you develop a sudden fall in blood pressure , which can make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these , seek medical advice immediately . a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel faint upon standing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of immediate_breathing_difficulties , faster breathing , coughing , coughing or wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . a combination of immediate_breathing_difficulties , a sudden feeling of sickness , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - rapid heartbeat , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing - tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of a stroke : - feeling very thirsty - coughing or wheezing - difficulty breathing - tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you get any of the following :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps of the skin . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - allergic reaction - skin rash ( hives ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe itching of the skin - a rash on the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - upper_respiratory_infections ( herpes zoster ) - allergic reaction ( skin rash ) - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and skin rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - upper_respiratory_infections ( herpes zoster ) - allergic reaction ( skin rash ) - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and skin rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity ( arthralgia ) 38 - herpes zoster infection - allergic reaction ( skin rash ) - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe skin rash other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and / or other mucous membranes signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and / or other mucous membranes signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps on the skin . some side effects may be serious . if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin and / or other mucous membranes signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin and / or other mucous membranes signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps on the skin . some side effects may be serious . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin and / or other mucous membranes signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin and / or other mucous membranes signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of all blood cells ( including platelets ), headaches , tiredness , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , chest pain , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( e . g . platelets , headaches , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fluid retention , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , chest pain , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the limbs ( muscle pain ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in joints ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , neck pain ( arthralgia ) pain in
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of darker_in_colour .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache local infection of the stomach ( gastritis ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) constipation indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation the_mouth_difficulty ( flatulence ) rash irritation in the mouth and / or genital thrush ( candida infection ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache local infection of the stomach ( gastritis ) constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) constipation peripheral irritation ( flatulence ) rash irritation in the mouth and throat constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) rash irritation in the mouth and throat reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the abdomen ; back pain ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); inflammation of the pancreas characterised by severe upper abdominal pain , back pain , rashes and itching ; blisters of the skin . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , such as herpes or respiratory infections , pain and discomfort in the joints , headache , dizziness , feeling nervous , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , visual impairment , loss of vision , eye infection , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), bleeding in your limb , including bleeding in the limb or back , feeling of thirst , fever , nervous system problems including low blood pressure , coma , blood clots in a vein at the vein of the limb , high blood pressure , abnormal blood clotting in the blood vessels in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid retention in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid retention in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid retention in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid retention in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid around the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lungs ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is called bleeding of the lung . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fever ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until joint swelling ); blood in the urine ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of heaviness in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening . - if you experience signs of infection such as fever , infections , respiratory infections , - fever , - respiratory infections , - respiratory infections , - chest pain , - feeling of pain or pain , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon ) ( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) - chest pain which may be accompanied by a high temperature it is not known how often these side effects occur . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( low blood pressure ) - low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( anaemia ) - low number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - pain in the upper abdomen ( abdomen ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - build - up of acid in the blood caused by build - up of fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - chest pain - irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) - chest pain - irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) - clouding of the heart ( pericarditis ) - clouding of the lens of the eye ( cataract ) - blood clots in the veins of the legs blood clots in the veins of the large blood vessels in the leg ( pulmonary_arteries ) which may cause chest pain and abnormal breathing - blood clots in the veins of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) - blood clots in the veins of the legs ( retinal vasculitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects listed below have been observed with immunogam : - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives , swelling of face , face , face or face , breathing shortness , shortness of breath , wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure , fatigue and / or fever - allergic reaction . these symptoms may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe allergic reaction . the signs may include pain , tenderness , swelling or face of the face , tightness of the face , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , fever and allergic reaction - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe allergic reaction . the signs may include pain , tenderness , swelling or face of the face , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , - fever , allergic reaction , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden drop of blood pressure ) which , if you experience a combination of fever , fatigue , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - life - threatening allergic reaction . the signs may include pain , tenderness , swelling or face of the face , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , - fever , allergic reaction , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure ) which , if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - pain , tenderness , swelling or face in the face , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , - fever , allergic reaction , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure ) which , if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - pain , tenderness , swelling or face in the face , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , - fever , allergic reaction , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure ) which , if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - pain , tenderness , swelling or face in the face , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , - fever , allergic reaction , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure ) which , if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - pain , tenderness , swelling or face in the face , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , - fever , allergic reaction , which may be signs of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects most of the following side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your body will not be properly during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with fever and flu - like symptoms , blisters in the mouth , eyes and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using remicade if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . as with other medicines , other side effects that have been reported during general use include : - fever - sore throat or mouth ulcers - bleeding in the mouth and / or eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the muscles , nose , eyes and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using remicade if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : - fever - sore throat or difficulty in breathing - coughing up blood or cold sputum - bleeding in your eye - bleeding in your muscles or other part of your muscles - skin problems such as blisters and peeling of the skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using remicade if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - neuroleptic malignant syndrome , which may be life - threatening ( potentially life - threatening inflammatory syndrome ). - if you experience symptoms like chest chest pain , feeling faint , confusion , thoughts of suicide , mood changes or loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening ( see section 2 ). - if you see or hear things which are not there ( hallucinations ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the most frequently reported side effects of placebo are frequency and frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea ( constipation ), joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - chest pain ( angina ) - chest pain ( angina ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of hallucinations ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - skin irritation ( dermatitis ) - chest pain - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - abnormal dreams - decreased sexual drive - abnormal thoughts in males - changes in mood ( mania ) suicidal thoughts or loss of consciousness ( palpitation ) - abnormal behaviour and sudden changes in vision ( dysgeusia ) - changes in behaviour or behaviour ( such as thoughts of harming or killing yourself ) or sudden loss of consciousness ( guillain - barré syndrome ) - acute renal failure , hallucinations ( loss of consciousness ) tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : if you notice any of the following signs or signs of infection , or if you notice any of the following signs of infection : - fever , - respiratory tract infections , herpes zoster ( cold ) and cold sores ( signs of pneumonia ) - urinary tract infection , fungal infections , such as infections of the urinary tract , fungal infections , such as infections of the urinary tract , infections of the urinary tract , infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , - respiratory infections , - fungal infections , - respiratory infection , - fungal infections , - respiratory infection , - fungal infection , which may cause a collection of some blood cells , - signs and symptoms of low blood counts such as persistent infection , bruising , paleness , nervous system problems such as numbness , tingling , prickling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness . - signs of nervous system problems such as buzzing or hearing disturbances , double vision , double vision or pounding , double vision , or increased sensitivity to light , cough , asthma , shortness of breath , asthma , abdominal distension , nausea , vomiting , bloating , heart_burn , abdominal distension , dry mouth , dry mouth , dry mouth , dry skin , night sweats , night sweats , hair loss , night sweats , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following serious side effects : coma , breathing difficulties , wheezing or breathing difficulties ( sometimes possible ) with symptoms such as wheezing , feeling faint , low blood pressure , confused or disorientation , feeling lightheaded , low blood pressure , confused or disorientation , changes in heart rhythm ( angina ) or irregular heart beat ( angina ), irregular heartbeat , chest pain , burning sensation when passing urine or pain in the chest , flatulence , constipation and constipation . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , fungal infection in the stomach , magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , sodium or calcium . symptoms include high blood pressure , tiredness , feeling lightheaded . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , feeling sleepy , insomnia or confused , feeling or being sick , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , fungal infection in the stomach , magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in the amount of calcium , calcium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in liver enzymes , feeling anxious , insomnia or confused , rapid heartbeat , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , fungal infection in the stomach , magnesium , potassium , sodium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in the amount of potassium , calcium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in liver enzymes , feeling anxious , insomnia or confused , feeling drowsy , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , fungal infection in the stomach , magnesium , potassium , sodium or sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in potassium , calcium , calcium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in the amount of calcium , calcium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in liver enzymes , feeling anxious , insomnia or confused , feeling drowsy or being sick ( constipation ), constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , fungal infection in the stomach , magnesium , potassium , sodium or sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in potassium , calcium , calcium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in blood sugar feeling difficulty , feeling sleepy , insomnia or confused , feeling drowsy or being sick ( constipation ), constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , fungal infection in the stomach , magnesium , potassium , sodium or sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in blood sugar , feeling sleepy , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , feeling sleepy , insomnia , confused , feeling or being sick , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , fungal infection in the stomach , magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in the amount of calcium , calcium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in the amount of calcium , calcium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in the amount of calcium , calcium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in the amount of calcium , calcium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in the amount of calcium , calcium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in your level of potassium , calcium , potassium or sodium in your blood , increase in liver enzymes , increase in calcium , potassium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increases in the amount of potassium or potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in the amount of potassium or potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in liver enzymes , decrease in potassium , potassium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increases in the amount of calcium , calcium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in liver enzymes , feeling sleepy , insomnia or confused , feeling drowsy , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , chest chest pain , shortness of breath , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - if you experience shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , or a swollen face , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis , which may cause shortness of breath or chest chest pain , discomfort , blisters , peeling or peeling of any part of your body - serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor straight away , shortness of breath , chest chest pain or discomfort , swelling of any part of the body , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red or purple spots on skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red or purple spots on skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red or purple spots on skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis : - shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and cancer . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , respiratory infection , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , blurred vision , eye pain , light sensitivity , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dry skin , nasal congestion , cold sweat , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle cramps , urinary retention , ringing in the ears , redness_of_the_eye ( tinnitus ), skin discolouration , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light sensitivity to light , increased tear production , change in white blood cell count , abnormal periods of the eyes , skin redness , redness and spots in the skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection caused by lack of blood supply to the heart and nervous system disorders : depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , throat irritation , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle cramps , urinary retention , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), skin discolouration , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , increased tendency to bruise , decreased number of white blood cells , abnormal blood clotting , decreased blood phosphorus , increased blood pressure , abnormal periods of the eyes , injection site pain , redness and swelling and pain in the joints . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection , lack of blood supply to parts of the heart , slow heart rate , slow heart rate , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , throat irritation , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle cramps , urinary retention , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), skin discolouration , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , increased tendency to bruise , decreased number of white blood cells , abnormal blood clotting , decreased blood phosphorus , increased blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , increased or fluctuating blood pressure , abnormal periods of the eyes , injection site pain , redness and swelling and pain in the joints . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - infection , lack of blood supply to parts of the heart , slow heart rate , slow heart rate , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate - increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , throat irritation , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle cramps , frequent urination , increased sensitivity to light , ringing in the ears , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , increased tear production , change in white blood cell count , decreased ability to bleed , bleeding from the nose , nose bleed , redness or pain in any part of the skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - infection , change in white blood cells , decrease of blood pressure , changes in perception of self - behaviour , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate - increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , throat irritation , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people − infection , fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , muscle cramps , urinary tract infection , low red blood cell count , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , redness , swelling or inflammation at the injection site ( caused by injection site reaction ) and inflammation at the injection site . infection , fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , lack of energy , general feeling of pain , pain , swelling , redness . at the injection site : inflammation and inflammation at the injection site may occur . these reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site . infection , fever , low blood pressure , reduction in red blood cells and low platelets , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , ears_ringing sensation ( less than usual ). nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , back pain , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , feeling of coldness , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site may occur . these reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site . infection , fever , low white blood cell count , decreased appetite , weight loss , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , ears_ringing disorder , changes in mood or loss of taste , ears_ringing , injection site pain , pain , swelling and redness . at the injection site : inflammation and inflammation at the injection site may occur . these reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any signs of infection such as fever , chills or shivering , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , back pain , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , feeling of coldness or pain in the chest , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site . reactions at the injection site ( inflammation , vein and vein ) at the injection site may occur . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any signs of infection such as fever , chills or shivering , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , general feeling of pain , pain , swelling , redness . at the injection site : inflammation and inflammation at the injection site may occur . these reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site , inflammation at the injection site may occur . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any signs of infection such as fever , chills or shivering , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , urinary tract infection , chest pain , urinary tract infection , feeling less hungry . general feeling of being ill , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , sleep problems , unsteady walking , vaginal bleeding or vaginal irritation , vaginal bleeding or ears_ringing . injection site pain , pain , swelling and redness . at the injection site : inflammation at the injection site may occur . these injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site . if you have rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , general feeling of being unwell . general depression , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , sleep problems , fits ( e . g . pain , swelling , swelling and redness ) at the injection site . inflammation at the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - flushing at the site of injection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , flushing , skin redness , blocked or runny nose , nasal congestion , dry mouth , discomfort or mouth sores , skin rash , acne , skin_pain skin skin rash , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin discoloration , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening or acne - skin discolouration skin rash , acne - skin discolouration skin rash , acne - skin reddening - skin rash hair loss - acne - skin reddening - skin rash hair loss - acne - skin reddening - skin rash hair loss - acne - skin reddening - skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin skin rash hair loss - acne - skin discolouration skin rash hair loss - acne skin skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to bevacizumab . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . the signs may include difficulty in breathing , feeling weak , energy , chills or shivering ( signs of feeling sick ), nausea , being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( stomach ) or stomach pain , stomach ( gut ) pain in the upper stomach or gut . this may be a sign of a hole in the brain . a reduction in the number of sodium in the blood , which may cause pain , tenderness , swelling or sores in your mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as : difficulty in breathing , feeling weak , weak or weak , fever , chills or shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( stomach ) being sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( stomach ) being sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( stomach ) being sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( stomach ) being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( stomach ) or stomach pain , stomach ( gut ) infection . your doctor may give you another medicine to control a blood clot . the_blood_to_clot , your doctor may advise you to stop taking cells . signs and symptoms of low blood sugar may include : pain , tenderness , swelling or sores in your mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . pre - menopausal women , women who have a menstrual cycle if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . difficulty in breathing , feeling weak , less sex drive , fever , chills , shivering or shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( stomach ) or stomach pain , stomach ( gut ) infection . your doctor may give you another medicine to control a blood test to control that your white blood cell count ( sodium and sodium ) that help to fight infections . signs and symptoms of low blood sugar may include : pain , tenderness , swelling or sores in your mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . pre - menopausal women , women who have a menstrual cycle if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalization . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly if you experience this side effect or if you have any of the following signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling weak , fever , chills , shivering or shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( stomach ) or stomach pain , stomach ( gut ) infection . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your stomach , stomach or gut . this may be a sign of infection in your stomach or gut . this may be due to a hole in the wall of your stomach or small intestine . this could be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : difficulty in breathing , feeling weak , weak or weak , fever , chills or shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( tube ) in the stomach , stomach or gut problems . this may be a sign of a hole in the tube around your stomach or gut . this could be a sign
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking tecartus and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - a severe allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction - the signs may include : difficulty in breathing , slurred_speech , or coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , warm , warm , confusion , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , suicidal thoughts , arrhythmia , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , thoughts of arrhythmia or arrhythmia , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , thoughts of arrhythmia or loss_of_control_of_body_movements , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , and sudden decrease or loss of hearing . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the gut , - nervous system disorders - difficulty sleeping , anxiety , slurred_speech , difficulty speaking , difficulty in speaking , memory loss , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , sudden changes in light sensitivity , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking or understanding others , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking or understanding others , sudden loss of consciousness , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . a condition known as a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , slurred_speech , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , thoughts of arrhythmia or arrhythmia ( such as agitation or confusion ), disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , visual disturbances or forgetfulness ( signs of arrhythmia or neutropenic ), agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , visual disturbances or forgetfulness ( signs of arrhythmia or neutropenic ), agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , visual disturbances or forgetfulness ( signs of arrhythmia or neutropenic ), agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , visual disturbances or forgetfulness ( signs of arrhythmia or neutropenic ), agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , visual disturbances or forgetfulness ( signs of arrhythmia or neutropenic ), agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , visual disturbances or forgetfulness ( signs of arrhythmia or neutropenic ), agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , thoughts of harming or killing yourself or other symptoms including arrhythmia or mood swings , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss or loss of consciousness , eyesight disturbances or disturbances in mood or behaviour , such as arrhythmia or mood swings , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , and loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems ) such as thoughts of arrhythmia or arrhythmia , such as agitation or confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and sudden decrease or loss of hearing . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the gut , - nervous system disorders - difficulty sleeping , anxiety , slurred_speech , difficulty speaking , difficulty in speaking , memory loss , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , fast or irregular heartbeat , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , difficulty speaking or understanding others , sudden loss of consciousness , hearing loss ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , itching or difficulty in breathing ) - blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , erythema multiforme , a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than one % of the pioglitazone surface . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether metformin must be stopped . the following side effects have been experienced by some patients taking sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( nausea , flatulence ) - headache - stomach ache - joint pain - back pain - kidney problems including kidney failure - dialysis ( vomiting ) - joint pain - muscle pain , back pain - interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) - increased sensitivity to sunlight uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , headache , stomach ache , joint pain , blood in urine - kidney problems , dialysis - vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction that may be accompanied by nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , flatulence - headache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , arm or leg pain , leg or leg pain , dizziness , itching , - abnormal urine odour , - kidney problems which may cause vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and pioglitazone : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , headache , stomach ache , joint pain , - kidney problems , - kidney failure , dialysis - vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and pioglitazone : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , headache , stomach ache , joint pain , back pain , - kidney failure , - kidney failure , dialysis , vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and pioglitazone : common : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking pioglitazone : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - a low blood sugar - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , flatulence - headache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , arm or leg pain , leg and / or leg pain , dizziness , itching , abnormal urine odour - kidney problems including dialysis - vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and a frequency : common : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - nausea - flatulence - headache - stomach ache - joint pain - back pain - kidney problems including kidney failure - dialysis (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : if you notice any of the following , you must stop taking xultophy and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : hives , itchy or itching all over your body , loss of appetite , confused or a sudden drop in blood pressure ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ): if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hypersensitivity and anaphylactic reactions ( e . g . hives , itchy , itching ). difficulty in breathing or swallowing , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , confused and increased heart rate ( a faster heart beat ), fluid retention in the lung , high blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing up ( e . g . when you have fluids , your doctor may change your heart function ) and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of these signs and signs of low blood sugar : if you have any of the following , or if you have experienced many incidents of low blood sugar , talk with a doctor straight away . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat an_injection_of_glucagon tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if severe low blood sugar is not treated over time , it can cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . hypoglycaemia , if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , confused or increased breathing difficulties or confused , increased blood pressure in a deep vein , high blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing up ( e . g . when you have death , call your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you have any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - hives , itchy or itching all over your body , loss of appetite , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , confused or increased breathing difficulties or confused - increased heart rate - a fast or irregular heart beat - high blood pressure - changes in blood pressure when you start taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may monitor your blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs above . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and / or difficulty breathing - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , - headache , - fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , confused or increased heartbeat , - a change in the way things taste - a fall in blood pressure when you stand up , your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with glucagon . - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) or low blood sugar , talk to a doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of the above , please ask your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and / or difficulty breathing - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , - headache , - fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , confused or increased heartbeat , - a change in the way things taste - a fall in blood pressure when you stand up , your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with glucagon . - if you have
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of giotrif alone are : severe and sometimes life - threatening reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ; widespread rash , blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis and stevens - johnson syndrome . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ; stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear on the skin and eyes , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , upper respiratory tract infection , cough , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , abdominal pain , nausea , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear congestion ), ear changes , ear changes , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the legs and / or arms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , pain , redness and rash . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea - elevated levels of liver enzymes - shown in tests - abdominal pain - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - high levels of bilirubin in the blood - high levels of liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - high levels of liver enzymes - high levels of liver enzymes - high levels of bilirubin uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - blocked or blocked nose - abdominal pain - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - high levels of liver enzymes - high levels of liver enzymes - high levels of bilirubin uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain , severe stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - high levels of liver enzymes - high or high levels of liver enzymes - high or low levels of white blood cells uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - sore throat ( stomatitis ) - liver problems - high or high blood levels of bilirubin ( liver function ) - yellow skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - inability to completely or maintain an erection - breast enlargement in men - leakage of fluid from the breasts in men - breast enlargement in men - leakage of fluid from the breasts in men - high or low blood pressure - loss of body fluid in the urine - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - blood clots in the veins of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) - abnormally high blood pressure in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - blocked or runny nose - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - high or high blood pressure - high or low blood pressure - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - inability to completely or maintain an erection weight loss , blood in the urine - fluid retention
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions hypersensitivity reactions hypersensitivity reactions ( hypersensitivity ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , which could be symptoms of an allergic reaction ( see section 2 ). other possible side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ), neutropenia ( lymphopenia ), decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low number of red blood cells ( lymphopenia ) ( leukopenia ), feeling sick ( nausea ), loss of appetite , fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of low level of white blood cells called lymphopenia ) and leukopenia ( feeling sick ), nausea , loss of appetite , fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as leukopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms feeling dizzy or short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heart rate ) if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other possible side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms feeling dizzy or short of breath feeling short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the symptoms listed above . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms feeling dizzy or short of breath feeling short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other symptoms may include : swelling of the hands , ankles or feet common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms feeling dizzy or short of breath feeling short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other symptoms may include : swelling of the hands , ankles or feet common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms feeling dizzy or short of breath feeling short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other symptoms may include : swelling of the hands , ankles or feet common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms feeling dizzy or short of breath feeling short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other symptoms may include : swelling of the hands , ankles or feet common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms feeling dizzy or short of breath feeling short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other symptoms may include : swelling of the hands , ankles or feet common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms feeling dizzy or short of breath feeling short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other symptoms may include : swelling of the hands , ankles or feet common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms feeling dizzy or short of breath fast
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and swelling ( with symptoms such as swelling , fever , shivering , shivering or breathing problems , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , fast heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid or irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast or irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast or irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast or irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast or irregular heart rate , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , fever , sweating or shivering . these symptoms can be signs of heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , fast heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever , sweating , or shivering . these symptoms can be signs of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , fast heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( heart attack ) feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever or sweating . these symptoms may be signs of heart_attack such as itching , swelling , redness or swelling . symptoms of heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast heart rate , feeling anxious , vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever or sweating . these symptoms may be signs of heart_attack such as itching , swelling , redness or swelling . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , heart problems : irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , feeling anxious , vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever , sweating or shivering . these symptoms can be signs of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever , sweating or shivering . these symptoms can be signs of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever or sweating . these symptoms may be signs of heart_attack such as itching , swelling , redness or swelling . symptoms can lead to heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast heart rate , feeling less hungry or vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever , sweating or shivering . these symptoms can be signs of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever , sweating , or shivering . these symptoms can be signs of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever or sweating . these symptoms may be signs of heart_attack such as itching , swelling , redness or swelling . symptoms can lead to heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast heart rate , feeling less hungry or vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever or sweating . these symptoms can be signs of heart_attack , such as itching , swelling , redness or swelling . symptoms can lead to heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast heart rate , feeling less hungry or vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever or sweating . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . itching , swelling , redness or swelling . symptoms can lead to heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast heart rate , feeling less hungry or vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever or sweating . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . itching , swelling , redness or swelling . symptoms can lead to heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heartbeat , fast heart rate , feeling less hungry or vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , fever or sweating . tell your doctor if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . serious side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduced number of blood platelets ( which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . serious side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): reduced number of blood platelets ( which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke and heart attack . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke and heart attack . tell your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke and heart attack . ohss may cause heart attack , decreased urination , and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of other side effects uncommon side effects may affect less than 1 in 100 people . you may experience the following additional side effects : - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , mouth , eyes and / or throat , decreased urine output ), weight gain , difficulty in breathing and possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this is uncommon . - serious side effect uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - stroke and heart attack . - ohss , which may be fatal , - heart attack , - difficulty in breathing . - fluid retention in the lungs . - side effects in children and adolescents the side effects observed in children and adolescents are similar to those seen in adults . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , throat , eyes and / or throat and / or difficulty in breathing ) - blood clots in the veins ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , throat , eyes and / or throat and / or difficulty in breathing ) - blood clots in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : some of these allergic reactions can be life - threatening . skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ) such as a fever , fever , breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest , severe headache , fever , breathing difficulties , severe chills , fast or uneven heartbeat , severe headache , hallucinations , vomiting , confusion , changes in liver function , liver function disorders , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash with peeling skin and peeling of the skin , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , headache , confusion , seizures , tremors , tingling sensations , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , double vision , double vision , altered speech , decreased libido or aggressive speech , mental disorder , thoughts of harming or killing , seeing or hearing things that are not real ( seeing_sparks ), speech disorder , ringing in the ears , double vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , intolerance to light , double vision , double vision , double vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision ,
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without the injection . they may affect up to 1 in 10 people ( very common ) - pain , swelling and redness where the injection was given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - warmth , swelling and / or swelling where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness and swelling at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - redness and swelling at the injection site . - itching . - injection site reactions ( including itching and itching ) at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , swelling or redness in your legs ( signs may include swelling of your lips , tongue or throat , fever , sudden , or severe swelling of the lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor straight away . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - heartburn ( gastro - oesophageal reflux ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - absence of menstrual periods ( amenorrhea ) - heartburn ( gastro - oesophageal reflux ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) itching - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - absence or menstrual menstrual discomfort common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain and weakness in arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ) 59 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain and weakness in joints ( peripheral oedema ) 59 ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart problems and enlargement ( rhabdomyolysis ) - a sudden increase in blood pressure causing itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - absence or menstrual menstrual menstrual discomfort common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain and weakness in arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ) 59 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain and weakness in joints ( peripheral oedema ) 59 ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart problems and enlargement ( rhabdomyolysis ) - a sudden increase in blood pressure causing itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , collapse very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - itching - severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - thromboembolic events , e . g . itching and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by frequency : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - absence of menstrual cycles in adults ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain and weakness in joints ( peripheral oedema ) 59 ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain and weakness in muscles ( peripheral oedema ) 59 ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart problems and enlargement ( rhabdomyolysis ) - a sudden increase in blood pressure causing itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , collapse very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain and / or leg pain common ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious liver problems ( shown in blood tests ) increase in the level of liver enzymes shown in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased blood pressure urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection decreased appetite increased liver enzymes increased liver enzymes in blood tests blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : wheezing or other high blood pressure ; wheezing or other breathing difficulties ; if you experience symptoms such as signs of a lung infection such as fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone marrow infection ( fractures ) back pain joint pain , back pain urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone marrow infection ( fractures ) back pain joint pain urinary tract infection shingles infection of the lungs fractures ( bone pain ) fractures bone marrow infection bone pain fractures bone marrow infection fractures bone pain fractures bone marrow infection fractures urinary tract infection fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection fractures ( fractures ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lungs bone marrow infection fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) fractures faster heart beat urinary tract infection low oxygen levels in blood inflammation of the lungs fractures ( collection of fractures ) high blood pressure blood clot in a vein collection of fluid in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a a_urinary_tract_infection) vein thrombosis accumulation of fluid in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood fluid retention blockage in fluid around the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a a_urinary_tract_infection) vein thrombosis accumulation of fluid in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood fluid retention blockage in fluid around the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in blood inflammation of the urinary bladder infection fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lungs fractures leg pain fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a a_urinary_tract_infection) vein thrombosis accumulation of fluid in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in blood inflammation of the lungs fractures ( collection of fractures ) high blood pressure blood clot in a vein collection of fluid in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood fluid retention blockage in fluid around the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in blood inflammation of the urinary bladder infection fractures urinary tract infection low oxygen levels in blood inflammation of the lungs fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a a_urinary_tract_infection) vein thrombosis accumulation of fluid in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of fluid accumulation in the lungs fluid retention in arms and legs low oxygen levels in blood inflammation of the urinary bladder pain in arms or legs low oxygen levels in blood pain in arms or legs low oxygen levels in blood pain in arms or legs low oxygen levels in blood pain in arms or legs low oxygen levels in blood pain in arms or legs low oxygen levels in blood pain in arms or legs low oxygen levels in blood pain in arms or legs low oxygen levels in blood pain in arms or legs low oxygen levels in blood pain in arms or legs low oxygen levels in blood pain in arms or legs low oxygen
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following : severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reactions , such as anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a severe allergic reaction ), if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) or a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) may be life threatening and require treatment . treatment with zinforo may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and may be life threatening and require treatment . treatment with zinforo may lead to a decrease in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , which are important in fighting infection ) and febrile neutropenia ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : low blood sugar levels ( neutropenia , neutropenia , which may make you more prone to your_red_blood_cells ) a very common side effect that may affect more than treatment in treatment and are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are taking treatment and treatment with treatment . other high blood cell counts ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during treatment with treatment and during treatment during treatment . lower number of red blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are taking treatment and treatment with treatment and may be stopped . low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are taking treatment and treatment with treatment and may be stopped . low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are taking treatment and treatment with treatment and may be stopped . low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . other possible side effects of zinforo may include : low white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ) and severe anaemia , which may be life threatening and require urgent medical attention . treatment with treatment with zinforo may be treated with other chemotherapeutic agents ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs of low blood sugar levels : neutropenia , neutropenia , which may cause severe anaemia , which may be a sign of a high level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during and after treatment with treatment and will monitor the best treatment . low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . other possible side effects of zinforo may include : low white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ) and other kinds of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during treatment with treatment and during treatment during treatment . other unwanted effects include : low levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , your_red_blood_cells ) in the blood may occur during treatment with treatment . at the beginning of treatment this may occur during or after treatment with zinforo . low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are at particular and during treatment during treatment . other high blood cell counts ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during treatment with treatment and during treatment during treatment . other unwanted effects that may occur at various time during treatment , including several years after starting treatment with zinforo . low white blood cell count (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible serious side effects : tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following : - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your ankles with or without blister and could be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache - sleepiness - constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , runny or blocked nose - sore throat , runny or blocked nose - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mood swings , difficulty concentrating , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal , blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall or abnormal vision - fall , - ringing in the ears , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , nausea - loss of appetite , runny nose - sore throat , runny or runny nose - sore throat , painful joints - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mood swings , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal , blurred vision , double vision - vertigo , problems with balance , fall or abnormal vision - fall , - ringing in the ears , fall , dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite , runny nose - sore throat , runny or runny nose - sore throat , painful joints - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mood swings , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal , blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall or abnormal vision - fall , - ringing in the ears , fall , dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite , runny nose - sore throat , runny or runny nose - sore throat , painful joints - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mood swings , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal , blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall or abnormal vision - fall , - ringing in the ears , fall , dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite , runny nose - sore throat , runny or runny nose - sore throat , painful joints - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mood swings , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal , blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall or abnormal vision - fall , - ringing in the ears , fall , dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite , runny nose - sore throat , runny or runny nose - sore throat , painful joints - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mood swings , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal , blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall or abnormal vision - fall , - ringing in the ears , fall , dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite , runny nose - sore throat , runny or runny nose - sore throat , painful joints - sore throat common (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , headache , feeling tired , insomnia , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , abdominal pain , cramps , weakness , feeling hot and collapse , feeling less hungry or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects , stop taking xadago and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure ; headache ; feeling tired ; insomnia ; nausea ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; abdominal pain ; wind ; dry mouth ; cramps or weakness ; feeling weak or collapse ; feeling weak ; collapse . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other possible side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , headache , feeling of spinning ( insomnia ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , wind , dry mouth , cramps , weakness , feeling weak or collapse , feeling weak or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , headache , feeling of spinning ( insomnia ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , wind , dry mouth , cramps , weakness , feeling weak or collapse , feeling hot , collapse or a fever . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , headache , feeling of spinning ( insomnia ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , wind , dry mouth , cramps , weakness , feeling weak or collapse , feeling less hungry or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , headache , feeling of spinning ( insomnia ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , wind , dry mouth , cramps , weakness , feeling weak or collapse , feeling weak or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , headache , feeling of spinning ( insomnia ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , wind , dry mouth , cramps , weakness , feeling weak or collapse , feeling weak or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , headache , feeling tired , insomnia , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , wind , dry mouth , constipation , vomiting decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , feeling drowsy , back pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , inability to urinate , blood in urine , increased need to urinate , stiffness or tingling sensation , muscle_weakness , feeling hot , feeling hot , fever , high blood sugar , high blood sugar
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : heart problems : breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties , breathing , or breathing difficulties as these may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome , acute respiratory distress syndrome , high blood pressure , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , arrhythmia or arrhythmia . urinary tract infection , difficulty in breathing , abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure , arrhythmia , palpitations ( fast or irregular heart rate ) changes in blood pressure , changes in blood pressure ( hypotension ), palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , blood clots in the blood vessels of the qt arteries , palpitations ( palpitations ), irregular heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clots in the blood vessels of the heart blood stream , palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood in the urine , palpitations low blood pressure , palpitations ( fast heart rate ) blood clot in blood vessels , blood clots in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm changes ( qt prolongation ) palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations , fast heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , blood clot in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ), palpitations
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart_failure or other breathing problems : if you experience symptoms such as severe fever , fever , trouble breathing , swallowing , feeling weak , tired or tired , signs of heart_problems or tired , feeling weak , tired or coughing , signs of nerve problems , such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness , and a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , fever , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; signs of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness ; signs of a liver problem ( including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) or other serious bleeding problem . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience shock or sudden worsening of shock , inflammation of the pancreas , swollen face , difficulty in swallowing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lung , fluid in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . blood clots in the lung . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the ankles , face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . blood clots in the veins in the lung . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the face and throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . blood clots in the lung . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the ankles , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , sudden onset of fluid in the abdomen , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . blood clots in the lung . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the ankles , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , sudden onset of fluid in the abdomen , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . blood clots in the lung . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the ankles , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , sudden onset of fluid in the abdomen , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . blood clots in the lung . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the ankles , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , sudden onset of fluid in the abdomen , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . sudden decrease or loss of hearing . yellowing of skin and eyes ( jaundice ). pale skin , dark coloured urine , fluid in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . blood clots in the lung . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the gallbladder . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of eyelids , face or lips , fluid in the lungs , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lung . sudden decrease or loss of hearing . yellowing of skin and eyes ( jaundice ). pale skin , dark coloured urine , fluid in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . blood clots in the lung . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the gallbladder . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of eyelids , face or lips , fluid in the lungs , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lung . sudden decrease or loss of hearing . yellowing of skin and eyes ( jaundice ). pale skin , dark coloured urine , fluid in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . blood clots in the lung . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the gallbladder . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of eyelids , ankles or face . difficulty in swallowing . painful or painful urination . painful or painful urination
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during an ritemvia infusion , it can be life - threatening . if you develop any of the following early symptoms , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , tired or looking pale . these reactions can be serious and may lead to a serious allergic reaction . these reactions can be serious and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are more likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you treatment to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , and these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of some blood cells . these reactions are normally mild to moderate . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction during the infusion and for 24 hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop : - fever and chills - shivering - feeling weak or tired - these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of some blood cells . these reactions are normally mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction called hla - drip * 5701 . it is important to read the information about this serious reaction . it is important to read the information about this serious reaction . as well as the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : - fever and / or chills - shivering , feeling weak , tired or blood_pressure_raised , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of some blood cells . these reactions are normally mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . it is important to read the information about this serious reaction . as well as the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : infusion related reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following infusion - related reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop : infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop : infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following infusion - related reactions during and within 24 hours after the infusion , but can also develop later . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop during treatment with paracetamol ( see also " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you read the information about this serious reaction . as well as the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : signs of an infection : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - if you have pain , redness , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your chest ( very common ). - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - 38 - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - if you experience any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - fever : - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience any of the above mentioned side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your mouth , as well as vomiting and vomit , as it could be a sign of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more silodosin_recordati . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : allergic reactions such as swelling of your face , throat or tongue difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , hives or itchy skin , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): irregular heart beat ( palpitations ) low blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , light - headedness , or loss of consciousness ) serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of your face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high level of uric acid in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ) runny nose skin rash with rash , itching , hives , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , low blood pressure ( palpitations , loss of consciousness ) if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . complications of a lung disease called complications ( frequency not known ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , wheezing ( redness of the skin ), hives ( urticaria ), severe drug rash , joint pain ( arthralgia ) and pain in extremity , tendon pain , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , and increased need to urinate at night . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of telmisartan . however , it is not known whether telmisartan was the cause . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) with symptoms such as tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of hives ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms may include swelling of the face or throat , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ) symptoms include tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms may include swelling of the face or throat , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ) symptoms include tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms may include swelling of the face or throat , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ) symptoms include light - headedness , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms may include swelling of the face or throat , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ) symptoms include light - headedness , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms may include swelling of the face or throat , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure ) symptoms include tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ), - sudden onset of bleeding , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or mouth , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - severe peeling of liver cells ( uncommon ). - if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of medicines , seek medical advice straight away . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following : - general bruising or bleeding , - bleeding or bleeding in your brain - pancytopenia or seizures ( seeing or hearing things that are not real ) - weight loss - hallucination , memory impairment or loss - memory problems - difficulty speaking or understanding others - difficulty speaking or understanding others - palpitations ( fits ) - ringing in the ears ( palpitations ) - ringing in the ears ( palpitations ) - palpitations ( shortness of breath or wheezing ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , face_swelling , dental problems , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain - frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , - difficulty speaking , - difficulty in speaking , changes in the sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), - rapid or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ), shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , face_swelling sensation , muscle aches , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain - painful urination , frequent urination , urination , weight gain , difficulty speaking , changes in sense of taste , deafness - ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), slow or irregular heart beat ( palpitations ) - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , face_swelling sensation , muscle cramp , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain - painful urination , frequent urination , urination , weight gain , difficulty speaking , changes in sense of taste , deafness - ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), slow or irregular heart beat ( palpitations ) - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , face_swelling sensation , muscle cramp , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary incontinence , weight gain , difficulty in speaking , changes in sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), irregular or slow heart rate ( palpitations ) - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , face_swelling sensation , muscle cramp , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , urination , weight gain , difficulty speaking , changes in sense of taste , deafness - ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), slow or irregular heart beat ( palpitations ) - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach upset , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , face_swelling sensation , muscle aches , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , decreased feeling or feeling thirsty , weight gain , difficulty in speaking , abnormal sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), irregular or slow heart rate ( palpitations ) - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , face_swelling sensation , muscle aches , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , decreased feeling or weight gain , weight gain , difficulty in speaking , abnormal sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), irregular or slow heart rate ( palpitations ) - shortness of breath , wheezing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , redness of the skin , hives , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you experience kidney injury , or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux colour , back pain , muscle aches , pain in arms or legs , blood in urine , vaginal bleeding , presence of blood in urine , blood in urine , blood in urine , chest pain , pain in hands and feet , arms or legs , loss of taste , nasal congestion or other changes in the chest ( angina ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , angina , heart attack , chest pain , or pain in chest , throat or chest pain , nasal congestion , ringing in the ears , feeling sick , indigestion and vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux disorder , back pain , muscle aches , pain in arms or legs , blood in urine , vaginal bleeding , blood in urine , blood in urine , chest pain , pain in the arms or legs , legs discoloration , change in urine colour , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , angina , heart attack or angina , heart attack , chest pain , blood in your chest or chest pain ( angina ), heart failure or irregular heart beat 4 . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux and reflux disorder , back pain , muscle aches , pain in arms or legs , blood in urine , vaginal bleeding , blood in urine , blood in urine , blood in urine , chest pain , pain in hands and feet , legs and feet , joint or joint pain , back pain , pain in hands and feet , facial flushing , nasal congestion , stuffy nose , indigestion , nasal congestion , runny nose , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux disorder , back pain , muscle aches , pain in arms or legs , blood in urine , increased urine output , blood in urine , chest pain , pain in hands and feet , arms or legs , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , angina , heart failure or angina , heart attack , chest pain , blood in your chest or chest pain ( angina ), heart failure or irregular heart beat 4 . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , reflux and reflux disorder , back pain , muscle aches , pain in arms and legs , blood in urine , fluid retention , blood in urine , blood in urine , blood in urine , blood in urine , chest pain , pain in hands and feet , legs and feet , joint or joint pain , back pain , pain in hands and feet , facial flushing , nasal congestion , stuffy nose , indigestion , nasal congestion , runny nose , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux disorder , back pain , muscle aches , pain in arms or legs , blood in urine , increased urine output , blood in urine , chest pain , pain in hands and feet , arms or legs , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , angina , heart failure or angina , heart attack , chest pain , blood in your chest or chest pain , blood in your urine , blood in your urine , or blood in your stool , or blood in your stool 4 . this may 65 regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop if you are taking or have taken a treatment . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than side_effect in hypoglycaemia people ). if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital symptoms , as these may be signs of hypoglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking hypoglycaemia and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - rapid heartbeat - fast heartbeat - sweating - serious allergic reactions ( these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) ( hypoglycaemia ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - itchy skin other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - itchy skin other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - itchy skin other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - itchy skin - other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting_constipation ( flatulence ) - excess of fluid in the liver - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pneumonia ( infection ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the lymphatic system lining very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the lymphatic system lining very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection in the mouth . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection in the mouth . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection in the mouth . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the colon ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the gall bladder . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , low level of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), or a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) and a decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( thrombocytopenia ) and a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) which can be a sign of infection such as fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose or runny nose or nasal pain or flu , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach_pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , tooth disorder ( flatulence ), throat pain , back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , neck pain , pain in the arms or legs , chest pain , pain in the arms or legs , redness , swelling and / or swelling in any part of your nose ( see section 2 ). blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), kidney problems ( e . g . fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or voicebox ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , increased gas in the stomach or bowel , back or gut pain , back pain , muscle spasm , pain in the extremities , injection site swelling , pain in extremity , redness , swelling and / or swelling in your arms and legs ( during or after treatment with azacitidine_mylan ), blood clots in the lung ( platelets ), which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot , fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose or runny nose , nasal congestion or voicebox , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , increased gas in the mouth , throat or gut , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle pain , pain in the chest , chest pain , pain in the chest , redness , swelling and / or swelling in any part of your treatment ( during or after treatment with azacitidine_mylan ). blood clots ( collection of blood and protein in the urine ), fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or voicebox , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , increased gas in the mouth , tongue or gut , back pain , muscle spasm , pain in the chest , chest pain , neck pain , pain in the chest , pain in the chest , redness , swelling and / or swelling in any part of your body ( treatment with blood clots ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), blood in the urine ( sign of kidney problems ) such as weight loss , sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , seizures ( fits ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( thrombocytopenia ), a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), fever , sore throat , nose bleed , runny nose , nasal congestion or flu - like symptoms , weight loss , sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , difficulty finding or hypotension ( hypotension ), increase in blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or voicebox , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion ( reflux of food from the stomach or stomach ), back or gut pain , back pain , muscle spasm , pain in the chest , infusion site reactions , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the area of the hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections ( low level of red blood cells ) - low number of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) - a decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of blood cell involved in clotting blood ) ( thrombocytopenia ) - with symptoms such as fever , sore throat , runny nose or sore throat or runny nose - common ( may affect up to standing_(orthostatic_hypotension in 10 people ): - infections , low number of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ), - a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), - a condition characterised by fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose or runny nose - bleeding in the stomach or intestines , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , increased gas in the mouth ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , muscle cramps , muscle pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , chest pain , chest pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , blood in urine , abnormal urine odour , chest pain , thirst , difficulty in breathing , inflammation_of_the_eyelid , asthma , runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swollen joints muscle pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , neck pain , difficulty in urination , thirst , difficulty passing urine , fluid in the lungs , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , blood in urine , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , blood in the urine , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , blood in the urine , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , collection of fluid in the extremities , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , blood in the urine , thirst , difficulty passing urine the following changes in the way things taste increase in blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , blood in the urine , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , collection of fluid in the extremities , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , collection of fluid in the extremities , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , collection of fluid in the extremities , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , collection of fluid in the extremities , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , collection of fluid in the extremities , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , collection of fluid in the extremities , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , blood in urine , thirst , difficulty in passing urine , blood in the urine , asthma , difficulty in breathing , cough , asthma , throat_irritation , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , neck pain , neck pain , thirst , difficulty in passing urine ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions , such as pain , swelling , redness or itching of the skin and erythema ( erythema ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( including difficulty breathing , chest pain , swelling of the face and skin ) ( erythema multiforme ), erythema ( redness of the skin ), erythema , itching of the skin ( dermatitis ), skin discolouration , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis , redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , dermatitis , redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), dermatitis , redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , rash , itchy skin , flaking of skin ( dermatitis ), dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , dermatitis , redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( exfoliative dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin discolouration , dermatitis ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin , skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the most serious side effects are described below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lack of energy , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , increased tears , increased eye pressure , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , dry mouth or fainting , which may be signs of an increase in the amount of some blood cells in your blood ( copd ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low level of blood platelets which may reduce the ability of your blood to clot ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling sleepy , problems falling asleep , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , increased eye pressure , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , fever , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood pressure while you are taking adasuve . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low level of blood platelets which can make the ability of copd and resistance to copd . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , decreased sensation , feeling sleepy , feeling restless , problems falling asleep , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , increased pressure in the eye , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , wheezing , light - headedness or fainting , which may be signs of a blood clot in your blood vessels ( copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low level of white blood cells ( copd ) which can be potentially life - threatening . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , decreased sensation , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , blurred vision , increased tearing , increased eye pressure , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , fever . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of these signs . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low level of white blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lack of energy , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling sleepy , problems falling asleep , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , increased tearing , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , dry mouth , asthma , fever , your doctor may tell you how to treat an increase in your blood cells . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with adasuve . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low level of white blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , decreased sensation , feeling sleepy , feeling restless , problems falling asleep , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , increased tears , increased eye pressure , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , dry mouth , asthma , fever , your doctor may tell you how to treat an increase in your blood cells . your doctor may decide to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , low blood pressure , bacteria , feeling of temperature , sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing , redness of the skin , itching , rash and / or rash . in some cases these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ). a decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . this can make you more likely to get an_infection or life - threatening . sore throat , nose bleeds , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections . signs of low blood sugar ( pneumonia ) can make you more prone to infections , or flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat , runny or runny nose and infections . signs of infections : signs of low blood counts such as pneumonia , which may make you more prone to bacteria , flu like symptoms , sore throat or runny nose , runny or blocked nose , infections or infections . signs of low blood counts such as pneumonia , which may make you more prone to bacteria , flu or herpes infections , such as sore throat , runny or blocked nose and sore throat or runny nose , infections or infections . signs of infections : signs of low blood counts such as pneumonia , which may make you more prone to bacteria , flu - like symptoms , sore throat or runny nose , runny or runny nose , infections or infections . signs of low blood counts such as pneumonia , which may make you more prone to bacteria , flu or herpes infections , such as sore throat , runny or blocked nose and sore throat or runny nose , infections or infections signs of infections such as herpes or respiratory infections , such as sore throat , runny or runny nose and infections . signs of infections : signs of low blood counts such as pneumonia , which may make you more prone to bacteria , flu - like symptoms , sore throat or runny nose , runny or blocked nose , infections or infections signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu like symptoms , such as sore throat , runny or runny nose and infections . signs of infections : signs of low blood counts such as pneumonia , which may make you more prone to bacteria , flu - like symptoms , sore throat or runny nose , runny or blocked nose , infections or infections signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu like symptoms , such as sore throat , runny or runny nose and infections . signs of infections : signs of low blood counts such as pneumonia , which may make you more prone to bacteria , flu - like symptoms , sore throat or runny nose , common cold or runny nose , sore throat or runny nose , infections or infections signs of infections such as herpes or respiratory infections , such as sore throat , runny or runny nose , infections or infections signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu like symptoms , sore throat , runny or runny nose and mouth infections ( signs of infections or infections ) signs of low blood counts such as pneumonia , which may make you more prone to bacteria , flu - like symptoms , sore throat or runny nose , common cold or runny nose , sore throat or runny nose , infections or infections signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu like symptoms , sore throat , runny or runny nose and infections caused by infections ( signs of low level of white blood cells ) - sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny or blocked nose , infections or infections - signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu - like symptoms , sore throat , runny or runny nose , - infections or infections - signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu - like symptoms , sore throat , runny or runny nose , - infections or infections - signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu - like symptoms , sore throat , runny or runny nose , - infections or infections - signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu - like symptoms , sore throat , runny or runny nose , - infections or infections - signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu - like symptoms , sore throat , runny or runny nose - infections or infections - signs of low blood counts , such as pneumonia or flu - like symptoms , sore throat , runny or runny nose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) throwing up ( vomiting ) abdominal pain loss of appetite common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) dehydration dizziness headache feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the mouth difficulty in passing or urinating ( urinary retention ) joint pain 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain muscle spasm 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation_of_the_stomach_(gastritis) cough diarrhoea abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation_of_the_stomach_(gastritis) cough diarrhoea abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness ( somnolence ) bloating_(abdominal_distension spinning sensation abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising joint pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty in sleeping ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising joint pain haemorrhoids ( muscle pain ) 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising joint pain haemorrhoids ( muscle pain ) 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising joint pain haemorrhoids ( muscle pain ) 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising joint pain haemorrhoids ( muscle pain ) 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising joint pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain difficulty in sleeping ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation_of_the_stomach_(gastritis) cough diarrhoea abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain haemorrhoids ( muscle pain ) 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising joint pain haemorrhoids ( muscle pain ) 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising joint pain haemorrhoids ( muscle pain ) 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising joint pain haemorrhoids ( muscle pain ) 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - fever , chills , fatigue , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat that may cause muscle weakness and sometimes drop in blood pressure . the chance of having a side effect is described below : - gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea and vomiting , loss of appetite . - low level of magnesium , magnesium , potassium , uric acid and calcium levels in the blood . - weight increase . - sleepiness . - blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . - collapse . - limpness . - collapse . - difficulty in breathing . wheezing or coughing . urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness ( hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness , stiffness or stiffness . rare reported rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or hypocalcaemia ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness , stiffness or stiffness of the muscles , toes or fingers . - symptoms of nerve damage may be fatal . - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking varuby : - if you feel unwell or develop new or worsening breathing problems , as these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat which may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department at your nearest hospital . - you may feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat . these could be signs of a life - threatening medical condition . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department at your nearest hospital . - fever : - low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing - if you have a fever , fever and low white blood cell count ( e . g . platelets ) which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department at your nearest hospital . - fever : - low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing - you have a fever , fever and low white blood cell count ( e . g . platelets ) which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go to the emergency department at your nearest hospital . - this occurs rarely . contact your doctor immediately if you experience fever , low white blood cell count , if you have any of the above immediately , you should contact your doctor immediately . - fever , low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing . - if you have a fever , tell your doctor immediately . - fever : - low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing - you have a fever , fever and low white blood cell count ( e . g . platelets ) which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go to the emergency department at your nearest hospital . - this occurs rarely . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following immediately : fever - low blood levels of platelets , which may cause a tendency to develop platelets . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department at your nearest hospital . - if you have a fever , tell your doctor immediately . - fever : - low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing - you have a fever , fever and low white blood cell count ( e . g . platelets ) which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go to the emergency department at your nearest hospital . - this occurs rarely . contact your doctor immediately if you experience fever , low white blood cell count , if you have any of these events , contact your doctor immediately . - fever , low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing - you have a fever , fever and low white blood cell count ( e . g . platelets , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department at your nearest hospital . - this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with varuby . - if you have a fever , tell your doctor immediately . - fever and low white blood cell count ( e . g . platelets ) which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department at your nearest hospital . you may need to have a blood sample to check whether your white blood cell count . - if you have a fever , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , pain in your arms or legs , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , pain in your arms or legs , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , respiratory tract infections , sore throat , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the arms or legs , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , skin inflammation , skin discolouration , pain in limb ( including blurred or increased urine production ), cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain or pain , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), heartburn ( dyspepsia ), heartburn ( dyspepsia ), lack / loss of strength ( asthenia ), accumulation of fluid in the lungs or joint , joint or muscle pain , muscle spasm , skin inflammation , pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), irregular or slow heart beat ( cataract ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), menstrual disorder ( dysuria ), irregular or rapid heart beat ( cataract ), pain , back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ), swelling of lower limbs ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), menstrual disorder ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), menstrual disorder ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), menstrual disorder ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), menstrual disorder ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), menstrual disorder , dysuria ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ), dysuria , pain when passing urine ( dysuria ), difficulty passing urine ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), menstrual disorder , dysuria ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ), dysuria , pain when passing urine ( dysuria ), difficulty passing urine ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), menstrual disorder , dysuria ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), menstrual disorder , dysuria ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ), pain in the limbs ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), fluid in the lungs ( dysuria ), thrush ( collection of blood in the urine ), cataract ( a condition where by pain and difficulty in passing urine ), dysuria ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), difficulty passing urine ( dysuria ), irregular or slow heart beat ( cataract ), pain , back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty passing urine ( dysuria ), inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( cataract ), deep vein thrombosis ( thrush ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ), inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( cataract ), deep vein thrombosis ( thrush ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty in breathing ( dysuria ), inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( cataract ), deep vein thrombosis ( thrush ) and pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty in breathing ( dysuria ), inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( cataract ), deep vein thrombosis ( thrush ) and pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty in breathing ( dysuria ), inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( cataract ), deep vein thrombosis ( thrush ) and pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty in breathing ( dysuria ), inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( cataract ), deep vein thrombosis ( thrush ) and pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty in breathing ( dysuria ), inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( cataract ), deep vein thrombosis ( thrush ) and pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty in breathing ( dysuria ), inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( cataract ), deep vein thrombosis ( thrush ) and pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty in breathing ( dysuria ), inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel hexal are : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to vertigo in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following : allergy or allergy ( inflammation or inflammation of the veins , which may cause lips,_tongue or pain in the upper right area of the lips,_tongue area , or the abdominal pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): allergy ( pain , inflammation or inflammation ) increase in liver enzymes increase in liver enzymes increase in the level of enzymes produced in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) high level of lipase ( a substance produced in the blood ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) high uric acid levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) high level of lipase in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) high uric acid levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) high uric acid levels in the blood 45 kidney failure inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) clouding of the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , feeling dizzy , sleepy , feeling or being sick , sleepy , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the ears feeling vertigo . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the ears feeling depressed , abnormal muscle movements , feeling like you are more likely to get muscle damage , feeling like you are more likely to get ears or increased muscle tension difficulty in getting or keeping an erection feeling vertigo or sudden increase in saliva and feeling of touch or tightness in the chest . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the mouth dry mouth , dry mouth hair loss , changes in muscle tone or abnormal muscle movements , abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs ( vertigo ) excess of fluid in the ears dry mouth excessive sweating 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats ears , excessive sweating 37 excessive sweating ( fatigue ) feeling weak or lack of energy ( lethargy ) ears difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and needles . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat which may cause itching or peeling of the skin - blistering of the skin - if you notice any changes to your skin at the application site , tell your doctor immediately . the frequency of this side effect is unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - the frequency of this side effect is unknown ( cannot be estimated from available data ). - severe skin skin reactions . - if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , - fever , - fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe fever , which may be caused by fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urination , - fever , - chills , - chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe tiredness , which may be caused by fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe fever , which may be caused by fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urination , - fever , - fever , - chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe tiredness , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which can lead to increased risk of bleeding in the brain . - if you have kidney disease or another high blood pressure tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , fever , fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , which may be a sign of liver problems . - if you have chronic hepatitis b in the past , you may experience blood clots in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ). if you have a combination of any of the following , tell your doctor immediately : - fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , - fever , - fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - fever , chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which can lead to increased risk of bleeding in the brain . - if you have blood clots at the end of your skin . call your doctor immediately if you experience fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , or a general feeling of being unwell , fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal vaginal bleeding , such as fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which can lead to kidney damage and can be life threatening . - blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uremic syndrome ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , - fever , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - fever , - chills , - chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe tiredness , which may be caused by fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urination , - severe tiredness , which may be caused by fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urination , - fever , - chills , - chills , feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which can lead to kidney damage and can be life threatening . - blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uremic syndrome ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , - fever , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - fever , - chills , - chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe tiredness , which may be caused by fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urination , - severe tiredness , which may be caused by fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urination , - fever , - chills , - chills , feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which can lead to increased risk of bleeding in the brain . - if you have kidney disease or problems with your liver , if you have kidney problems , or if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - back in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - respiratory problems . - dizziness , abdominal distension , indigestion , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . disturbance in attention ; changes in mood ; altered taste ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , sinus joint infection , sinus infection , back pain , joint pain , back pain , painful joints , pain in the limbs , back or limb pain in the extremities , feeling nervous , difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased number of white blood cells low blood levels of white blood cells low blood levels of white blood cells low blood levels of calcium decreased , decreased blood potassium , increased blood sugar decreased , increased appetite , depression , nervousness , tremor , nervousness , irritability , taste disturbances , blurred vision , abnormal sensation in the eyelid palpitations ( palpitations ), irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , shortness of breath , asthma , nasal congestion , sinus disorder , sinus infection , cold limbs , sinus infection , stomach pain , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , back pain , painful urination in the extremities , eyelid swelling , eyelid swelling , pain or redness . your doctor will tell you what to do if you get any of these side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . possible side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems : if you have pain , feeling sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation or loss of appetite tell your doctor . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the most frequently reported adverse reactions of filgrastim_ratiopharm are frequency and frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases the frequency of these events have been fatal . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . feeling sick , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by an abnormal temperature . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your tissue and needs urgent medical attention . if you have any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common : - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - fever - loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by the injection site . if this happens to you , contact your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your bone pain ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects are more common when you start taking this medicine . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common : - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - fever - loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by the injection site . if this happens to you , contact your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your bone pain ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects are more common when you start taking this medicine . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common : - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - fever - loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by the injection site . if this happens to you , contact your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your bone pain ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects are more common when you start taking this medicine . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you are given riluzole_zentiva for multiple myeloma or mantle cell lymphoma , tell your doctor immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( for example in a blood test ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as dizziness , numbness , numbness or numbness of the mouth , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or eyes ), dark urine , lung infections , eyes , eyes or eyes . difficulty in breathing . immediately contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or severe deterioration of your general condition , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , reduction in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : fever or severe infections , which may be a sign of a serious reduction in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : fever or severe infections , which may be associated with a drop in the number of cells involved in blood clotting or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : fever or severe infections , which may be associated with a drop in the number of cells involved in blood clotting or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : fever , often with a fever infection due to a reduction in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - fever , which may be associated with a drop in the number of cells involved in blood clotting , which are important in fighting infections . - reduction in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . - infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - severe infections , which may be life - threatening . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting , which can increase the risk of infections , which can be life - threatening . - if you are being treated for infections , you may be more likely to get that you have a higher risk of infections ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - a_blood_sample , a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting , which can increase the risk of infections , which can be life - threatening . - if you are being treated for infections , you may be more likely to get that you have a higher risk of infections ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - a_blood_sample , a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting , which can increase the risk of infections , which can be life - threatening . - if you are being treated for infections , you may be more likely to get that you have a higher risk of infections ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - a_blood_sample , a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting , which can increase the risk of infections , which can be life - threatening . - if you are being treated for infections , you may be more likely to get that you have a higher risk of infections ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - a_blood_sample , a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting , which can increase the risk of infections , which may be severe . infections tell your doctor if you have
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious allergic reactions : difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling , bruising , swelling or pain at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions : injection site reactions , injection site swelling , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking defitelio : - if you experience fever , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or immediately , as these may be signs of a low blood pressure . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing - any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty in breathing . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately : - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - fever - low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing . if you have any of these
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when ribavirin is used with ribavirin , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by daklinza or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. ribavirin it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . you should also read the package leaflets for these medicines . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. ribavirin it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . you should also read the package leaflets for these medicines . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your eyesight . you may need to read it again . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your eyesight . you may need to read it again . it is recommended to read the information on this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your eyesight . you may need to read it again . it is recommended to read the information on this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your eyesight . you may need to read it again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and / or the kidneys . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience allergic reactions , tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction : hives , swelling , pain , tenderness , or bruising more easily than normal , fever , fluid collection , swelling , soreness , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bacterial infections , fever , viral infection , fever , viral infection , fever . signs of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following reactions : hives , swelling , pain , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal , respiratory impairment , irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced blood pressure . measles - like rash , rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): gastrointestinal disorders such as fever , viral infection , fever , viral infection , fever , viral infection , fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): gastrointestinal disorders such as fever , viral infection , fever , viral infection , fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): gastrointestinal disorders such as fever , viral infection , fever due to fluid build - up , fever , viral infection , fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling , pain , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . respiratory : irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea . high blood pressure . measles - like symptoms : rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): gastrointestinal disorders , fever , viral infection , fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): gastrointestinal disorders . allergic reactions that may include an allergic shock . an allergic reaction can be life - threatening . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives , swelling , pain , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . respiratory : irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced blood pressure . measles - like rash , rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): gastrointestinal disorders , fever , viral infection , fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , which may include : swelling of the face , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives , swelling , pain , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . respiratory : irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced blood pressure . measles - like rash , rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): gastrointestinal disorders , fever , viral infection , fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , which may include : swelling of the face , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction such as hives , swelling , redness , swelling , soreness , swelling or soreness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): lung infection , fever ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking jylamvo and call your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or tongue , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of any of these symptoms , such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of an_infection , a combination of fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of an_infection , a combination of fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or tongue , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop any
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection in the mouth - sneezing , stuffy nose - sore throat - stomach or stomach ache - diarrhoea - stomach ( stomach ) pain - excessive gas in the stomach ( abdomen ) - 36 feeling hunger - hunger - hunger ( including herpes zoster ) - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness - serious or life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during an riximyo infusion , it can be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . you must consult your doctor immediately if you experience : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , tired or very high breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these reactions can be serious and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are more likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a fever , chills and shivering , feeling weak , tired or very high breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and treatment . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the treatment and occasionally the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to reactions_have_been_fatal . if you develop any of the following , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor immediately : - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , signs of low blood pressure , which may be life - threatening . these reactions are most likely to happen at the start of your treatment . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take topotecan_actavis "): infusion related reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening reactions can be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop taking topotecan_actavis and see a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions "): potentially life - threatening skin rashes . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 under ' warnings and precautions "): potentially life - threatening skin rashes . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions "): potentially life - threatening skin rashes . in rare cases allergic reactions may be life - threatening . angioedema ( difficulties in breathing , difficulty breathing , cough , itchy skin , hives , swelling of the face and / or difficulty in breathing ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) ( uncommon ). signs of lung lung problems ( including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) or other serious allergic reaction ( e . g . lung_inflammation ) and difficulty in breathing , cough , itchy skin , hives , swelling of the face and / or difficulty breathing . feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , loss of appetite . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs and signs of lung_inflammation such as interstitial lung disease ( interstitial lung disease , including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) you may experience serious upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ) and interstitial lung disease ( uncommon ). you should tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions ") potentially life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or lung problems such as cough , breathing difficulties , cough , itchy skin , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , loss of appetite . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs and signs of lung_inflammation such as interstitial lung disease ( interstitial lung disease , including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) you may experience serious upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ) and interstitial lung disease ( uncommon ). you should tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ") potentially life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or lung problems such as cough , breathing difficulties , cough , itchy skin , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , loss of appetite . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs and signs of lung_inflammation such as interstitial lung disease ( interstitial lung disease , including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) you may experience serious upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ) and interstitial lung disease ( uncommon ). you should tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your lung , as these may indicate serious , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , flu - like symptoms , facial swelling , difficulty in breathing , cough , itchy skin , hives , swelling of the face and / or difficulty in breathing , feeling sick , nausea or vomiting ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - involuntary movements ( falling ) - falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - prolonged and / or painful erection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - loss of fluids ( falling or falling ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - involuntary movements ( falling ). - falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of calcium ( vertigo ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - loss of fluids ( falling or falling ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - loss of fluids ( falling or falling ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - involuntary movements ( falling ). - falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of calcium ( vertigo ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - loss of strength ( anorexia ). - falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - loss of contact with reality ( urinary incontinence ). - feeling anxious . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hyperactivity ( high level of activity , restlessness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reaction where the patch was used , such as blisters or skin inflammation . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the upper abdomen , stomach or throat , stomach or throat pain , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headaches , weight loss , weight gain , painful limbs ( peripheral sensory disorder ), breast pain , urinary tract infection , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), burning sensation in the mouth and mouth pain in the abdomen , redness , swelling or inflammation , infection of the stomach and intestines , abdominal pain , upper abdominal pain , stomach_upset , constipation , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion indigestion abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening . - if you experience signs of infection such as fever , infections , respiratory infections , - fever , - respiratory infections , - respiratory infections , - chest pain , - feeling of pain or pain , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon ) ( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) - chest pain . your doctor will tell you what to do if you : experience any of these side effects : pemetrexed in your urine or blood in your urine . you may have early signs of a possible signs of infection such as : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infection_pharyngitis which may lead to a artery infection . - low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( anaemia ) - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - hair loss infection of the urinary tract lining of the heart ( heart_attack_narrowing ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - a build - up of acid in the blood caused by build - up of fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - chest pain - irregular heart beat ( heart_attack_narrowing ) - chest pain - irregular heart beat ( heart_attack_narrowing ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) - fluid retention in the lungs - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( cells that help blood to clot ) - inflammation of the lung ( pneumonitis ) - liver failure - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - elevated levels of some liver enzymes in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache dizziness low blood pressure . other side effects with ganfort may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness low blood pressure urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach pain hair loss , skin discolouration , skin discolouration , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , nail disorder increased sensitivity to light sensitivity to light visual disturbances eye pain , visual acuity ringing in the ears , asthma , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , tooth disorder stomach pain hair loss , hair loss , skin discolouration , dry skin , nail disorder increased sensitivity of the skin to light , increased sensitivity to light asthma asthma , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , tooth disorder stomach pain hair loss , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , dry or itchy eyes hair loss , loss of eyelashes sensitivity to light abnormal sensation , eye pain , increased eyes sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma fluid in the lungs stomach stomach stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach , stomach_pain stomach stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach , stomach stomach hair loss , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , dry skin , nail disorder increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , asthma , asthma or coughing up blood , stomach stomach stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or itchy eyes hair loss , loss of hair , eye sensitivity to light , eye pain , abnormal or blurred vision , eye pain or eyelid swelling of the eyelid , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , dry or painful eyes , eye inflammation , eye inflammation , eyelid inflammation , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the extremities , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , dry or itchy eyes , hair loss , eye inflammation , hair loss , eye inflammation , eyelid inflammation , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the extremities , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), eye pain , nail disorder , eye pain , eyelid inflammation , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the extremities , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or itchy skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration , nail disorder , nail disorder , eye pain , eyelid inflammation , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the extremities , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or itchy skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration , nail disorder , nail disorder , eye pain , eyelid inflammation , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the extremities , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or itchy skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration , nail disorder , nail disorder , eye pain , eyelid inflammation , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the extremities , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or itchy skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration , nail disorder , nail disorder , eye pain , eyelid inflammation , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the extremities , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), skin discolouration , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , eye sensitivity to light , eye pain , eyelid
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . difficulty breathing with rapid or shallow breathing may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a skin skin reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a reaction called yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( this may be a sign of an uncommon side effect , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - signs of a serious skin reaction ( e . g . difficulty breathing , redness , blisters on the skin ). these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions : - redness of the skin - redness of the skin - blisters on your skin - from a larger area of the body - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - sick ( feeling sick ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach ache - inflammation of the liver - serious skin reactions ( erythema multiforme ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include large - scale skin reactions ( blisters and blisters ) on the skin that spread throughout the body caused by a build - up of fluid in the tissues around the body , which may be a sign of dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver - serious liver problems - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - the_signs may cause a severe skin reaction that can spread as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( possible signs of dehydration ) - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions which may include : - difficulty breathing - redness of the skin - blisters on the whole body or in the skin - from a larger area of the body - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver - serious liver problems - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - other allergic reactions : - life - threatening skin rashes that can be life - threatening . blisters , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the the_lips,_nose,_eyes_and_genitals areas of the body . - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - serious liver problems - swelling of the face and throat ( angioedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions : - life - threatening skin reactions ( blisters and blisters ) on the skin that spread throughout the body , such as inside the body , from the body , from the body from a larger area of the body - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - serious liver problems - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - eye_problems - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious skin reactions ( e . g . yellowing of the skin and the whites of the body ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath , blurred vision , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). symptoms include : rashes , shortness of breath , blurred vision , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). symptoms include : numbness , burning , pain or pain at the infusion site , lips , face , tongue or throat . symptoms include : pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or warmth at the injection site at the injection site at the injection site , at the injection site , feeling nervous , area_around_the_eyes , numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): − dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): − tiredness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): ∑ flu - like symptoms , numbness and burning sensation ( including pain in the mouth , tongue and tongue ). symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or pain at the infusion site at the injection site . in the lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms include : pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning pain , burning , prickling or burning sensation at the injection site , injection site swelling and numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): − tiredness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): ∑ flu - like symptoms , numbness and burning sensation ( including pain in the mouth , tongue and tongue ). symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , tingling or burning sensation at the injection site at the injection site , at the injection site ; pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or warmth at the injection site ; injection site reactions at the injection site ; general ill feeling : numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness ; headache ∑ flu ( influenza ); feeling sick ( nausea ); diarrhoea ∑ 36 other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): ∑ pain or numbness , burning , pain or pain at the infusion site , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms include : pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning pain , burning , prickling or burning sensation at the injection site , injection site swelling , or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain or numbness , burning , pain or pain at the infusion site , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or pain at the infusion site at the injection site . injection site : pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , tingling or burning sensation at the injection site . injection site reactions at the injection site include : burning sensation and numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have been observed with reblozyl : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , numbness , burning or pain at the infusion site , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): ∑ flu - like symptoms , numbness and burning sensation ( including pain in the mouth , tongue and tongue ). symptoms of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking fotivda and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , sore throat or coughing , severe itching of the skin , rashes , itchy skin or hives . the most serious side effect of fotivda is a very common side effect and may affect more than one in fotivda people : fotivda may cause fever or chills , sore throat or coughing , severe chest pain , rashes , itchy skin or hives . the most serious side effects of fotivda include : excessive sweating and feeling sick ( sick ), weight loss , joint pain , back pain , decreased appetite or paleness , dizziness or lack of energy ( asthenia ), lack / loss of taste ( vertigo ), difficulty in sleeping ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears ( symptoms include : - high blood pressure , tiredness , shortness of breath , cough , sick , inflammation of the mouth or heartburn , heartburn , dry mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), dry anus , sore mouth , runny or stuffy nose , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , paleness , dizziness , mood swings , lack of energy ( lethargy ), chest pain , ear pain , decreased appetite , dizziness , mood swings , lack of energy , shortness of breath , cold sores , collection of fluid in the abdomen ( signs of deep_vein ) - blood clot in a artery of the anus ( symptoms include high blood pressure , tiredness , shortness of breath , cough , sick ) - inflammation of the mouth , heartburn , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth ,
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; a decrease in the levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; swelling in the mouth and throat , joint pain , and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; a decrease in the levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; swelling in the mouth and throat , joint pain , and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sudden life - threatening allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching and swelling of the skin ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) painful blisters and cellulitis ( cellulitis ) and / or blistering of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the chest , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , low red blood cell count , rash , itching swelling of the face and throat . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : heart attack , a sac in the upper wall of your intestine , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ), cellulitis , your_mouth , red spots on the skin ( with difficulty breathing , spasms , spasms with movement , temporary paralysis of the limbs and guillain - barré syndrome , a condition in which the lung airways are abnormally dilated ) or pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ). talk to your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the chest , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , low red blood cell count , urinary tract infection , rash , itching and swelling of the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : heart attack , a sac in the upper wall of your intestine , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ), cellulitis , your_mouth , red spots on the skin ( including difficulty breathing , spasms , spasms and movement disorders ) have been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the treatment without your doctor ' s advice . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in chest , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the chest , upper respiratory tract infection . urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking ambirix and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - breathing problems including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site . - bleeding , such as bleeding , bruising or bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether hepatitis_a_and_hepatitis_b_vaccines must be stopped . - bleeding or bruising at the injection site . - if you have bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bleeding that lasts a long time , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may give you another medicine to prevent bleeding or bruising , - if you have bleeding from the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing ( orthostatic tired ), tired , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy , tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to loss of consciousness . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - meningitis , - weakness , chills , chills , feeling weak or tired , loss of consciousness , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , or loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , or loss of consciousness , or if you get worse . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as blistering or stinging of the face , face , face or chest , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , blistering or tingling of your face , face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , blistering or stinging of your face , face , chest or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sudden loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . - if you get pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your skin , such as passing a lot of urine . - if you experience pain , redness , stinging or bleeding at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these reactions may be severe and may lead to loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you get pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your skin , such as passing a lot of urine . - if you get pain , redness , stinging or bleeding at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these reactions may be severe and may lead to loss of consciousness . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you get pain , redness , stinging or bleeding at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these reactions may be severe and may lead to loss of consciousness . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you get pain , redness , stinging or bleeding at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your skin , such as passing a lot of urine . - if you get pain , redness , stinging or bleeding at the injection site
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) signs include difficulty in breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe skin reactions , including itchy skin , blisters and peeling of the skin over the whole body ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous injection . talk to your doctor if they last for a short time . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( at the injection site ), hardness , pain/tenderness site at injection site , hardness and warmth at the injection site . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling sleepiness , generally feeling unwell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; inflammation of the sinuses ; nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching , bumps , swelling or palms of the hands and soles of your feet which may cause yellowing of your arms or soles of your feet , which may be a symptom of damage to the arms , face , face , or body . change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss low blood pressure ; weight gain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) decreased renal function ( sugar ) increase in urea ( triglycerides ) in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reactions ( phlebitis ) phlebitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) phlebitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing blood clots in the lung blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and feet ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) blood clots in the veins ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions where the patch was used , such as phlebitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) elevated cell carcinoma ( a type of blood_cancer in the blood ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) redness of the skin ( phlebitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia ) blood clot in the veins of your body ( pulmonary embolism ) decrease in the number of white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke ( phlebitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) redness of the skin ( phlebitis ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased inflammation of aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the arms or body ), inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) inflammation or scarring of the lungs with flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash or chest pain - feel feeling unwell ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - abdominal pain feeling tired ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in children and adolescents , particularly at the beginning of treatment or at intervals during treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - wind ( flatulence ) - abdominal discomfort - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - bruising ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high_blood_pressure high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - stomach discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon ( may affect up to in 100 people ): - chest pain , feeling unwell ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid around the belly ( gastritis ) - abdominal discomfort , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - skin rash ( dermatitis ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon ( may affect up to in 100 people ): - chest pain , feeling unwell ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid around the belly ( gastritis ) - abdominal discomfort , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - skin rash ( dermatitis ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon - may affect up to in 100 people - chest pain , feeling unwell ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid around the belly ( gastritis ) - abdominal discomfort , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - skin rash ( dermatitis ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon ( may affect up to in 100 people ): - chest pain , feeling unwell ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid around the belly ( gastritis ) - abdominal discomfort , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - skin rash ( dermatitis ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon - may affect up to in 100 people - chest pain , feeling unwell ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid around the belly ( gastritis ) - abdominal discomfort , indigestion (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : 29 - passing blood in the urine - 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , 29 29 - disorder of diabetes , decreased blood pressure , low blood pressure - low blood pressure , low blood pressure , - headache , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , itching , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder - low blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder with low blood pressure - headache , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting - rash , itching , hives , rash , pruritis , difficulty breathing , wheezing - coughing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , fast heartbeat , wheezing - coughing up blood , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing - coughing up blood , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , coughing up blood , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder - disorder of a blood vessel , very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , 29 - disorder of diabetes , decreased blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure , low blood pressure - headache , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , itching - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder - low blood pressure , low blood pressure - headache , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting - rash , itching , hives , pruritis , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing - low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , fast heartbeat , wheezing - coughing up blood , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing - coughing up blood , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , coughing up blood , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder - disorder of a blood vessel , very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , 29 - disorder of diabetes , decreased blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure , low blood pressure - headache , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , itching - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder - low blood pressure , low blood pressure - headache , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting - rash , itching , hives , pruritis , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing - low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , fast heartbeat , wheezing - coughing up blood , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing - low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing - coughing up blood , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder - disorder of a blood vessel , very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , 29 - disorder of diabetes , decreased blood pressure - low blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) and itchy rash ( hives ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . you may be having a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . stop using adynovi and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with adynovi . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including hypersensitivity and urticaria , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop using adynovi and see a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the serious side effects above . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including hypersensitivity and urticaria swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions ( these may be severe and require immediate medical attention ). severe and life - threatening allergic reactions are shock . if you experience any of these symptoms you should contact a doctor immediately . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , lips or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat , fast heartbeat , loss of consciousness , severe allergic reaction or anaphylactic shock ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , lips or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat , fast heartbeat , loss of consciousness , severe allergic reaction or anaphylactic shock ) have been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , lips or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , loss of consciousness , severe allergic reaction or a severe , life - threatening allergic reaction ) have been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low calcium levels in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , lips or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat , fast heartbeat , loss of consciousness , severe allergic reaction or anaphylactic shock ) have been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low calcium levels in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , lips
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of symptoms such as drowsiness ( difficulty breathing ) these may be symptoms of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome , which may be symptoms of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . if you get any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache ( fatigue ) headache headache nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting blood disorders such as blood in urine , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), tremor ( tremor ), pain in the arms or legs , discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , high blood pressure , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , high blood pressure , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , high blood pressure , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , high blood pressure , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , breast pain , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling of hands and feet ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood in urine , high blood pressure , dizziness , drowsiness ( shaking ), flushing ( flushing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - a combination of blood in your urine , fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , or increase in mucus pressure and increase in blood pressure . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood pressure and if you notice any of the following symptoms : - rapid fever - coughing or wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth - angioedema ( feeling of faintness , coughing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - fever - coughing - hives - swelling of the lips , face , face or mouth - angioedema ( feeling of faintness , coughing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - fever - coughing - coughing up blood , seek medical help immediately if you get signs of a high temperature such as fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , respiratory tract infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory infections ( signs of a lung infection ) - fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , respiratory tract infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory infections ( signs of a lung infection ) - fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , respiratory infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory infections ( signs of a lung infection ) - fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , respiratory tract infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory infections ( signs of a lung infection ) - fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , respiratory tract infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory infections ( signs of a lung infection ) - fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , respiratory tract infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory infections ( signs of a lung infection ) - fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , respiratory tract infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory infections ( signs of a lung infection ) - fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infection , - respiratory infection , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , - respiratory infection , fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infection , fungal infection , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infections , e . g . fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infections , inflamed sinuses , infection of the sinuses with symptoms such as fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infections , respiratory tract infections , such as fever , chills , respiratory tract infections , respiratory tract infections , such as fever , chills , sore throat and a hoarse voice , red or purple spots on the skin , angioedema ( rapid or weak ), rapid or weak breathing , coughing , wheezing or coughing , symptoms of infection such as fever , wheezing or coughing , symptoms of infection of the lung or lung ( signs of
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in the nearest hospital . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in the nearest hospital . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in the nearest hospital . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in the nearest hospital . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in the nearest hospital . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in the nearest hospital . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , swelling or other parts of the body ( disappears - 4 syndrome ) 4 syndrome ( see section 4 ' earlier in section 4 ) generalised skin reactions including abdominal pain , nausea , headache , abdominal pain , accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , abdominal pain and nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions including blood poisoning ( anaphylaxis ), anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), nausea , abdominal pain , headache . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): kidney failure . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired , lack of energy , fever , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , breathing difficulties , or respiratory problems such as wheezing or breathing difficulties these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of blood cells and bronchospasm . the severity of all side effects could be serious and may lead to a treatment . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , signs of high blood pressure , fever , breathing difficulties , or a drop in blood pressure ( bronchospasm , which may be a sign of sudden life - threatening medical condition ). if you have a combination of any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms contact your doctor immediately : - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , signs of high blood pressure , fever or breathing difficulties ( bronchospasm ) these reactions can be serious and may lead to a serious allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and paracetamol . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired , lack of energy , fever , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , breathing difficulties , or respiratory problems such as wheezing or breathing difficulties these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of blood cells and bronchospasm . the severity of all side effects could be serious and may lead to mild_to_moderate . if you have a combination of any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your nearest dose . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and paracetamol . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a serious allergic reaction ), sometimes life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ) with symptoms such as rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , rapid breathing , or a fast pulse , swelling of the lips , tongue , tongue or tongue and difficulty breathing . stop using roactemra and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty in breathing , fast or fast pulse , swelling of the lips , tongue or tongue ( jaundice ) and difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) painful swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ( with or without fever ) or other signs of severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) with symptoms such as rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , rapid breathing , or a fast pulse , swelling of the lips , tongue , tongue or tongue and difficulty breathing . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) with symptoms such as rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty breathing , shallow breathing , fast or fast heartbeat , swelling of the lips , tongue or tongue ( angioedema ) and difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) painful swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue which may cause fever or other signs of serious infections ( including neutropenia , symptoms include rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , rapid breathing , fast or fast pulse , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your tongue ) jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your tongue ) dark - coloured urine , or difficulty in breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) painful swelling of the limbs , particularly around the mouth or tongue and / or tongue and / or fever very common : may affect more than typical_symptoms in a lower number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain , abdominal pain jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your tongue ) dark - coloured stools , or difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) painful swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue which may cause fever or other signs of serious infections ( including neutropenia , symptoms include rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty breathing or swallowing , rapid breathing , or a fast pulse ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ( jaundice ) and a serious allergic reaction known as : cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ( jaundice ) and difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) painful swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue which may cause fever or other signs of serious infections ( including blood poisoning and / or neutropenia ) sometimes with symptoms such as rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , fast or fast heartbeat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ( jaundice ) and a serious allergic reaction known as neutropenia , neutropenia , fever , high blood sugar ( very common ), or low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), headache , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abdominal pain , jaundice ( yellow of the upper veins or the whites of your nose ), nose or tongue and hives ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) or difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) widespread rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing . serious infections of the lung ( neutropenia ) ( neutropenia , neutropenia , fever ) and low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), headache , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach_pain stomach pain , abdominal pain , jaundice ( yellow veins of the lips or mouth ), nose , tongue and / or tongue and / or hives ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). serious infections
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding in the mouth or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until joint swelling ); blood in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , face or throat or severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - a severe fever or fever - you may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a fever or fever , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of treatment with fetcroja , or during treatment and after treatment with fetcroja . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure and will decide if you will have any signs of an allergy . - if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , inform your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with fetcroja . - serious infections such as a fever or severe breathing problems . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop treatment with treatment with fetcroja to reduce the number of maturing follicles . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and will decide if you will have an increase in the number of some blood cells . your doctor will check your blood regularly and will monitor the number of white blood cells and tell your doctor right away if you have any signs of allergy such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , severe diarrhoea or breathing problems as you may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation during treatment with treatment . these may be new symptoms such as new or worsening fever , swelling of your face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a fever or fever . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects that may need urgent medical attention . treatment with treatment may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( graft versus host disease ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is severe and life - threatening liver problems . if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , inform your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . if you notice any signs of an infection such as swollen face or tongue severe swelling of your lips , face or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat which may cause a fever or other breathing problems . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation during treatment with treatment . this can be life threatening or life - threatening . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation during treatment with treatment . these include : swelling of your face , lips or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe fever or other breathing problems a fever or fever . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation during treatment with treatment . this can be life threatening or life - threatening and require treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterized by high blood levels of treatment ). symptoms may include yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , severe diarrhoea or breathing problems . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other possible side effects of fetcroja may include : very common ( may affect more than blood_tests in a drop in the number of some blood cells ): infusion - related reactions are severe or life - threatening . symptoms include : swollen face , lips or tongue severe swelling of your face or throat severe fever or other breathing problems . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . treatment with fetcroja may lead to a higher risk of treatment with other anti - term treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects after taking depocyte : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) nausea ( affects more than 1 user in 100 ) reported . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ) ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and angioedema allergic reactions ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : face , lips , tongue or throat ; angioedema ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing ). other side effects include : common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common : the following may affect up to one in eyes people : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : face , lips , tongue or throat and may cause angioedema other side effects : most of the following side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of bemrist_breezhaler . very common side effects : may affect more than other_side_effects_other_side_effects in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and sometimes possible signs of angioedema serious allergic reactions ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : face or face , lips or throat ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very common : may affect more than one in eyes people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and sometimes other signs of angioedema serious allergic reactions ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : yellowing of the skin or the white of your throat ( angioedema ) if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects include : common : the following may affect up to one in eyes people : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and sometimes other signs of angioedema serious allergic reactions ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing . if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common : may affect more than one in eyes people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding in the mouth or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until this_medicine ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy with lamivudine accord may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . a condition in which the body ' s immune system attacks healthy body tissue . this is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). immediately contact your doctor immediately if you develop a symptoms of an infection . these side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you develop a symptoms of an infection . blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( a substance in the liver ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : blood tests showing liver problems ( see ' warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you get pain in the upper left side of the body area or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you get pain , inflammation or inflammation in any part of your body . these may be a sign of a serious liver condition called veno - occlusive disease disorder ( obese ). obese may cause serious damage to the body . talk to your doctor if you get pain , inflammation or inflammation in any part of your body . these may be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , nespo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , which can cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : deposits on the iris or iris . these side effects are normally mild to moderate in nature . if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). your doctor will tell you what to do if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether the_injection_procedure must be stopped . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and tiredness . tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a iris infection . these could be signs of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only last up from a few days or weeks . in some cases , these side effects were usually mild and only last up to a few days or weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with iris : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from a few weeks of deposits . these side effects are usually mild and will probably disappear after a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with iris : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with the_injection_procedure : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from breath . other side effects the following side effects have also been reported with this medicine in combination with iris : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from breath . other side effects the following side effects have also been observed with this medicine : a very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache ∑ deposits from breath . other side effects the following side effects have also been observed with this medicine : a very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache ∑ deposits from breath . the following side effects have also been observed with this medicine : a iris and / or other parts of the body . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with the_injection_procedure : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from breath . other side effects the following side effects have also been reported with this medicine in combination with iris : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from breath . other side effects the following side effects have also been observed with this medicine : a very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from breath . other side effects the following side effects have also been reported with this medicine : a very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache ∑ deposits from breath . other side effects the following side effects have also been observed with this medicine : a very common (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus ( swelling ) in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . painful and / or painful erection have been reported with digestive_enzymes . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( such as difficulty in breathing or breathing difficulty ) have been reported in patients with cinacalcet_accordpharma . you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience an increase in these symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , elevated liver function tests , decreased urine output , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle aches , or cramps , breathing difficulties or cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting , upper respiratory tract infection , decreased number of white blood cells , back pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , back pain , neck pain , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting , upper respiratory tract infection , decreased number of white blood cells , back pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , neck or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , constipation , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia , indigestion , muscle pain , muscle spasms , cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) and low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting , upper respiratory tract infection , decreased urine output , back pain , weakness_(asthenia) ( pain in extremities , muscle pain , numbness or tingling sensation ) and numbness . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ), swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , cough , breathing difficulties ( dyspnoea ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia , indigestion , muscle pain , muscle spasms , cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting , upper abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia , indigestion , muscle pain , muscle spasms , cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting , upper abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - upper abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - upper abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - upper abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - upper abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - upper abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - upper abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop taking jentadueto and seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or difficulty in breathing - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - sudden severe allergic reactions ( frequency not known ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ). - symptoms of lactic acidosis : - coma and / or wheezing - contact your doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor immediately as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe kidney problems . - symptoms may include shortness of breath or wheezing , immediately tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . - coma ( this may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the the_following_symptoms - shortness of breath , wheezing and immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . - lactic acidosis ( a rare severe side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anaphylactic shock . - symptoms of which may include shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - lactic acidosis ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by nausea and vomiting . - lactic acidosis ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anaphylactic shock . - symptoms of which may include shortness of breath or wheezing , tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : infection , fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , drowsiness , sweats , dizziness , drowsiness , insomnia , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , insomnia ( drowsiness ), dizziness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , insomnia ( drowsiness ), tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , insomnia ( drowsiness ), tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , decreased appetite , feeling anxious , headache , sleep disorder , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams ( including lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase and triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will explain these to your child ' s blood tests to check for lipase and / or liver enzymes , which may be a sign of lipase ( triglycerides ), which will show up on your blood ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will explain these to your child ' s blood tests to check for lipase and / or liver enzymes , which may be a sign of lipase ( triglycerides ), which will show up on blood tests . your doctor may find changes in your blood and urine test results ( lipase and triglycerides ). your doctor will explain these to your child ' s blood tests to check for lipase and / or triglycerides . your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will explain these to your child ' s blood tests to check for lipase and / or triglycerides . your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure ( lipase and / or triglycerides ). your doctor will explain these
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( which may include yellowing of the face , face , or mouth ) angioedema ( difficulties in breathing ) tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . - sudden swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of low blood sugar may include : feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of low blood sugar may include : feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . stop taking lactic_acid . broken bones ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bone_fractures . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( which may include yellowing of the face , face , or mouth ) angioedema ( difficulties in breathing ) tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . difficulty in breathing , chest pain ( oedema ), swelling , fluid retention ( oedema ) or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypertension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects : very common side effects ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding in the mouth or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fever ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until joint swelling ); blood in the urine ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; elevated liver enzymes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; difficulty in breathing ; blood in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood cells .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - upper abdominal pain , muscle aches , feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , chest pain or an increase in blood pressure . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - sleepiness - difficulty sleeping - vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea 28 - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness - difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea 28 - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness - difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea 28 - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness - difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea 28 - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness - difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - dizziness - sleepiness - difficulty sleeping - vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness - difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - dizziness - sleepiness - difficulty sleeping - vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness - difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - dizziness - sleepiness - difficulty sleeping - vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness - difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - dizziness - sleepiness - difficulty sleeping - vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness - difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following , stop taking viagra and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital 4 straight away if you have any of the following : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes as well as fever and seizures , as it may be a sign of stroke . inability to have a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , feeling hot , pain in the arms or legs , nausea , vomiting skin rash have been reported in patients treated with nitrates . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache - swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - sleepiness - sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - shortness of breath - small reduction in blood pressure - inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonitis ) - pain and dopamine broken function test if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , difficulty sleeping , sinus_headache , difficulty sleeping , eye redness , eye redness , eyelid irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , abnormal ejaculation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure in the back of the back of the back of the eye , increased tear production , eye discharge , eyelid irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye discharge , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness and / or abnormal sense of taste . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , increased heart rate , changes in the electrical activity of the eye , blurred vision , eye pain , increased heart rate , eye discharge , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the eye , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of increased heart rate , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the eye , feeling of heaviness in the chest , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the throat , feeling of heaviness in the chest , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the throat , feeling of pressure in the eye , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the chest , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the chest , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the chest , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), ringing in the ears , feeling of heaviness in the chest , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the chest , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , increased sensitivity to light . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , increased heart rate , changes in the electrical activity of the eye , blurred vision , eye pain , increased heart rate , eye discharge , ringing in the ears , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , dilation of blood vessels in the back of the eye , abnormal or abnormal sensation in the eye , sensation of spinning . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , decreased heart rate , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure in the back of the back of the back of the eye , eyelid redness , increased eye pressure , increased tears , redness of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , dilation of the pupil of the eye , discolouration of the white of the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), ringing sound in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the eye , feeling of pressure in the eye , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the throat , feeling of heaviness in the chest , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , rhythm disorder , ringing in the ears , dry eye , increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) serious_mental_changes may cause confusion , dizzy , light - headed or dizzy or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , nasopharyngitis , confusion , sleepiness , sleepiness , amnesia , feeling of being drunk , feeling less hungry , abnormal thinking or other neurological infections , ( e . g . involuntary_or_uncontrolled_movements or involuntary_or_uncontrolled_movements ), these are signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood . the following side effects are known : nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , headache , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia , nausea , vomiting , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizzy or light - headed , dizzy or light - headed , dizzy or light - headed , dizzy or light - headed , dizzy or light - headed , dizzy or light - headed , dizzy or light - headed , dizzy or light - headed , dizzy or light - headed , dizzy or light - headed or dizzy or feeling dizzy or dizzy ; signs of dizzy , feeling faint , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to involuntary_or_uncontrolled_movements in such cases ). tell your doctor if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon condition ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a hypersensitivity reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following occur , stop using incruse_ellipta and tell your doctor immediately : allergic reactions such as hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 29 - up of symptoms : contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms of allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 allergic reactions ( frequency not known ) the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data 29 allergic reactions ( frequency not known cannot be estimated from the available data ) glaucoma ( clouding of the lens in your eyes ) glaucoma ( clouding of the lens in the eyes ) glaucoma ( clouding of the lens in the eyes ) glaucoma ( clouding of the lens in the eyes ) glaucoma ( excess fluid in body tissue ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely in patients using nucala . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , throat , chest , chest , hands or feet , feeling nervous , problems with your heart beat ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) such as fever , sore throat or urinary problems ( very common ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , feeling lightheaded , increased blood pressure , urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper abdominal pain , stomach pain or discomfort , ear pain ( angina pectoris ), cough , chest pain ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ), urinary tract infection , low red blood cell count , urinary tract infection , low red blood cell count , urinary tract infection , low red blood cell count , low blood pressure , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in the upper belly or bowel , stomach pain , discomfort or presence of blood in urine , low blood pressure or a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to cough high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in the upper right side of stomach stomach pain , discomfort or presence of blood in urine , low blood pressure or a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to cough high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , dizziness , headache , stomach ache , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in the upper right side of stomach stomach pain , discomfort or presence of blood in urine , low blood pressure or a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to cough high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , dizziness , headache , stomach ache , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in passing urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased urine output , cough , difficulty in breathing ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ), low level of sodium in the blood , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in passing urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased urine output , cough , difficulty in breathing ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ), low level of sodium in the blood , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in passing urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased urine output , cough , difficulty in breathing ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ), low level of sodium in the blood , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in passing urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased urine output , cough , difficulty in breathing ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ), low level of sodium in the blood , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in passing urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased blood pressure in your legs ( symptoms include urinary tract infection ) hot flushes , dizziness , headache , stomach ache , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in passing urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased urine output , cough , difficulty in breathing ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ), low level of sodium in the blood , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in passing urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased urine output , cough , difficulty in sleeping ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ), low level of sodium in the blood , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in passing urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased urine output , cough , difficulty in sleeping ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ), low level of sodium in the blood , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in passing urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased urine output , cough , difficulty in sleeping ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ), low level of sodium in the blood , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - infection of the upper respiratory tract , - fever , fatigue , muscle aches and muscle aches . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome , which may cause difficulties in breathing , fever , and / or changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), - reactivation of reactivation b ( a type of reactivation ) - reactivation of reactivation of cancer cells - muscle stiffness other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - infection of the upper respiratory tract , such as bruising and bruising common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lack of coordination , decreased sense of smell , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash , back pain , shortness of breath , back pain , fever , fatigue , infection ( neutropenia ), - fever ( thrombocytopenia ), - decreased appetite , - muscle stiffness , - muscle twitching , and difficulty in speech ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), - blood clots in the veins in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ), which may lead to reactivation - stroke - a sudden and severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - a sudden , severe allergic reaction with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and fever with life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - blistering of the skin - new or worsening fever - fever - new or frequent urination ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - fever - infection ( neutropenia ) - decreased appetite - eye irritation , muscle aches , and difficulty in speech ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), - reactivation of red blood cells ( reactivation ) - severe and life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - acute renal failure - blistering in the mouth and throat , with difficulty in breathing - fever - severe lung infection - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( very common ) - fever - fever - frequent infections ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - fever - infection ( neutropenia ) - decreased appetite - skin peeling ( sign of stevens - johnson syndrome ) - fever - fever - infection ( neutropenia ) - decreased appetite - eye irritation , muscle aches , and difficulty in speech ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), - blood clots in the lungs , which causes severe pain in the chest and back , fever and acute fluid accumulation in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis - flu - like illness , fever , fever , fever ( pyrexia ) - fever ( thrombocytopenia ) - fever ( thrombocytopenia ) - decreased appetite - skin rash , which may be accompanied by fever , flu - like illness ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - infection ( neutropenia ) - fever ( thrombocytopenia ) - decreased appetite - muscle twitching , muscle twitching , and difficulty in speech ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), - blood clots in the small blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - blistering of the skin - skin peeling - fever - acute renal failure - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( flu - like syndrome ) - fever - blistering of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( flu - like syndrome ) - fever - blistering of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( flu - like syndrome ) - fever - blistering of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( flu - like syndrome ) - fever - fever - fever - fever ( thrombocytopenia ) - decreased appetite - muscle and joint pain . - difficulty in speech ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which is a serious condition including reactivation of reactivation cases of reactivation b of blood cells , which may cause severe pain in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : get medical help immediately if you get any of the following signs or symptoms of allergic reactions : - difficulty in breathing - breathing difficulties - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face - hives - trouble breathing tell your doctor or nurse if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain or stomach - stomach pain feeling sick or vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - dark - coloured urine - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach ache - skin rash , rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy rash - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy rash - hives - runny nose - hives - runny_nose - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy rash - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy rash - hives - runny nose - throat_irritation - rash - itchy rash - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as difficulty in breathing and difficulty in breathing can be a sign of an allergic reaction . if you experience a rash , itching or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and liver enzymes . these may be signs of liver problems : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction . difficulty in breathing and breathing difficulties . if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . the signs may include : a rash , itching or swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and liver enzymes . these may be signs of liver problems : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction to zerene , but are not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . difficulty in breathing if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching or swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and liver enzymes . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - abnormal behaviour , thinking , thinking , or finding words , slurred speech , speech disorder , speech disorder , speech disorder , double vision , double vision , flashes of light , visual brightness , clouding of the lens in the eye , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), double vision , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , double vision , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double vision , clouding of the eye ( cataract ), speech disorder , double
