like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - fever , signs of weakness or shortness of breath ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of a blood clot in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - fever , which may be associated with weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and a decrease in your levels of potassium in your blood . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - fever , signs of weakness or shortness of breath ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of a blood clot in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - fever , which may be associated with weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and a decrease in your levels of potassium in your blood . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - fever , signs of weakness or shortness of breath ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of a blood clot in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - fever , which may be associated with weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and a decrease in your levels of potassium in your blood . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - fever , signs of weakness or shortness of breath ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of a blood clot in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - fever , which may be associated with weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and a decrease in your levels of potassium in your blood . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - fever , signs of weakness or shortness of breath ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of a blood clot in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - fever , which may be associated with weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and a decrease in your levels of potassium in your blood . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - fever , signs of weakness or shortness of breath ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before and during your treatment with zinbryta . liver problems ( including hepatitis b infection ) signs of liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes , dark urine , itchy skin , itchy coloured
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . you must see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : muscle weakness : weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body . if you get any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have a combination of any of the following symptoms : muscle weakness : weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body . if you get any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may also have a combination of any symptoms of infection such as : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity : if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . - if you notice any of the above symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity : if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; sweating or other signs of serious allergic reaction ; itchy rash and rash . other side effects are listed below . if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects have been observed with novonorm : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; sweating or other signs of allergic reactions ; itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( seen in tests ) hypoglycaemia ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : o swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as soon as possible : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sweating - serious allergic reactions ( including itchy rash and rash ) other side effects are listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any of these , or if you get any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site pain - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle pain - joint pain - swelling or a hard lump where the hand is given into your hand or hand - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle pain - joint pain - swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - dizzy , feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as dizzy , feeling sick or sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - pain in your joints - redness , itching or swelling at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may include itching , difficulty breathing , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing or stinging , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect of somakit_toc is cancer . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined version : 2 . 0 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feet with or without an extended rash , red pinpoint dots and / or swallowing , which may indicate a reaction called " differentiation syndrome ", which may be life - threatening . if you notice any of these effects , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been observed with afinitor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( which may result in increased risk of bruising or bruising underneath the skin ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections such as new onset or bruising of the skin , bruising , or other signs of infection ( e . g . flu - like symptoms , weakness , breathlessness , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , tiredness , increased blood pressure , nausea , dyspepsia ), taste disturbances , nausea , dyspepsia ( feeling sick ), tiredness , high blood levels of liver enzymes , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , pain in the arms or legs , fever , chills feeling tired and tiredness . these may be signs of low levels of liver enzymes in the blood . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , such as local headache , bruising , and / or a feeling of heat in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses , which may be accompanied by weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased blood pressure , nausea , dyspepsia , taste disturbances , nausea , dyspepsia , taste disturbances , nausea , dyspepsia , taste disturbance , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , pain in your arms or legs , fever , chills feeling tired and tiredness . these may be signs of a low level of calcium in the blood . your doctor may decide to carry out tests to check your liver function . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections such as pneumonia ( e . g . bruising , bruising , blood or bruising ) common ( may affect up to trouble_sleeping_(insomnia) in 10 people ): tiredness , flu - like symptoms , tiredness and / or breathlessness , which may be accompanied by a high temperature , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea , dyspepsia ( loss of appetite ), tiredness , low blood levels of liver enzymes , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , pain in the arms or legs , fever , chills feeling tired and tiredness . these may be signs of a low level of calcium in the blood . in the number of red blood cells and platelets , which may result in fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness . low blood sugar ( liver function ) which can cause liver damage , which may be a sign of liver problems . tell your doctor right away if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness . low blood sugar ( liver function ) which can cause liver damage , which may be a sign of liver problems . tell your doctor right away if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , feeling weak or tiredness . low blood sugar ( liver function ) which can be a sign of liver problems . liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , loss of appetite , nausea , fever , chills , tiredness , feeling generally unwell , headache and nausea . these side effects may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , such as local headache , bruising , and / or pain in the joints . decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , flu - like symptoms , weakness , breathlessness , decreased appetite , nausea , dyspepsia ( loss of appetite ), nausea ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite , weight loss , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , pain in your arms or legs , fever ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever ( pyrexia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat and sore throat . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat , sore throat or difficulty swallowing or breathing ( nasopharyngitis ) infection of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) headache headache pain in the upper abdomen ( abdomen ) inflammation of the mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) nasal congestion uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat high or low blood sugar levels in your blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision due to low blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision due to high blood pressure in the lungs ( pulmonary hypertension ) glaucoma ( difficulty in breathing ) when passing urine ( urinary retention ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness and / or blurred vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face , throat or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory infections ( serious infection of the lung ) allergic reaction ( including skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps some side effects may be serious . if you notice any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection , diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reaction ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . diarrhoea , headache , joint pain and arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reaction ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . diarrhoea , headache , joint pain and arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reactions ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) diarrhoea headache joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reactions ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the urinary tract ( e . g . diarrhoea , headache , joint pain and arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reactions ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the urinary tract ( e . g . diarrhoea , headache , joint pain and arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reactions ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) diarrhoea headache joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reactions ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) diarrhoea headache joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as headaches , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , nausea , vomiting , headaches , back pain , joint pain , back pain , bone pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain or bruising ( signs of high level of potassium in your blood , which may make you feel bruising or have a quickened heartbeat ), stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting ( uncommon ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( including joint pain ) ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( tinnitus ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), high blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with trepulmix : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - nausea , vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - tiredness ( dizziness ) - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - nausea , vomiting - decreased appetite - 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - high blood pressure - nausea , vomiting - decreased appetite - 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - blood clots in the veins - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite - 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - blood clots in the veins - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite - 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - blood clots in the veins - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite - 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - reduction in blood pressure ( anaemia ) - nausea - vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - reduction in blood pressure ( anaemia ) - nausea - vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - reduction in blood pressure ( anaemia ) - nausea - vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - reduction in blood pressure ( anaemia ) - nausea - vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness ( fainting ) - blood clots in the veins - blood clots in the veins - joint pain ( arthralgia
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the bladder medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause a drop in blood pressure which may make you feel tiredness or paleness - dizziness or headache - headache - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face or throat - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - an increase in the number of red blood cells in your blood ( called eosinophils ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( eosinophils ) shown in a blood test . symptoms may include tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , or unexplained swelling of the face or throat . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the signs of a severe allergic reaction may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face or throat - blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - an increase in the number of a type of white blood cells called eosinophils ( eosinophils ) which may be a sign of kidney problems ( see section " warnings and precautions "). symptoms may include : - tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , or unexplained swelling of the face or throat . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face or throat - blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - an increase in the number of red blood cells ( eosinophils ) shown in a blood test . symptoms may include tiredness , paleness , dizziness , dizziness , or unexplained swelling of the legs or ankles . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with your_medicine . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with your_medicine . - blood tests may show a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . symptoms may include tiredness , paleness , dizziness , dizziness , or unexplained weakness . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with your_medicine . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood cell counts regularly . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with your_medicine . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood cell levels regularly . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with your_medicine . signs and symptoms include : tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , or unexplained swelling of the face or throat . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : changes in your blood sugar levels ( test your urine ) if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with your_medicine . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment with your_medicine . your doctor may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling of having something in the penis and vagina . headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause swelling of the throat and throat , and / or a feeling of pressure in the cheeks and forehead . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache at the injection site ( e . g . irritation or burning sensation in the mouth and / or throat ) if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling of burning in the arms and legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of being able to pass urine if you notice any of these side effects , you may need urgent medical attention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of being able to pass urine if you notice any of these side effects , you may need urgent medical attention . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) itching of the skin feeling sick ( nausea ) pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) alteration of the sense of taste in your mouth or throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) pain in the abdomen or intestine alteration in sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_tad '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_tad '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( angioedema ). - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diabetes_mellitus may cause your body to retain water ( urinary tract infection ); common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus ; increased sex drive ; difficulty in sleeping ; dizziness ; headache ; nausea ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; indigestion ; indigestion ; indigestion ; constipation ; loss of appetite ; abdominal pain ; discomfort or feeling of fullness in the cheeks and forehead ; liver disorders ; yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; itching ; rash ; itching ; hair loss ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; itching ; rash ; itching ; hair loss ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; itching ; rash ; itching ; hair loss ; increased sweating ; swelling of hands , feet or ankles ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; swelling of hands , ankles or feet ; unusual tiredness ; fever ; loss of strength ; pain ; discomfort or discomfort ; high or low blood pressure ; weight gain ; feeling of fullness in the arms and legs ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of pain , discomfort or discomfort ; high or low blood pressure ; weight gain ; swelling of hands , ankles or feet ; pain ; discomfort or pain in your arms or legs ; weight gain ; abnormal dreams ; weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood chemistry ; high blood levels of uric acid ; high blood levels of uric acid ; high blood levels of uric acid ; high blood levels of uric acid ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; high blood sugar ; high blood pressure ; hallucination ; joint pain ; depression ; hallucination ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; trembling ; tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; dizziness ; tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; dizziness ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; abnormal heart rhythm ; uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests showing changes in the amount of blood fat ; high blood levels of uric acid ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; hallucination ; sensation disorders ; depression ; hallucination ; sensitivity to light ; sensation disorders such as trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; dizziness ; tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; dizziness ; tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; dizziness ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; abnormal heart rhythm ; high blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding in the gut ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from anus ; pain or discomfort ; increased sexual desire ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; weight loss . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : changes in blood clotting levels ; high blood levels of uric acid ; high blood measurements for white blood cells ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; hallucination ; sensation disorders ; depression ; hallucination ; sensitivity to light ; sensation disorders such as trembling , tingling or burning sensation of the skin ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; dizziness ; tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; dizziness ; tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; dizziness ; tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; dizziness ; tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ; weight gain ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in menstrual periods . uncommon side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( angioedema ). - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_zentiva . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you have any of the following side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if you have any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if you have any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of headache , dizziness and difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain , fever , fatigue , nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) have been reported in patients treated with immunogam . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an infection such as fever , breathing difficulties or tightness in your chest , cough or breathing difficulties or hives , which may be signs of a blood clot in your blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) or pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ). talk to your doctor about any of the following signs of liver problems : yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and / or difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ). this may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following : sore throat or headache . this could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ). blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . chills , sweating and skin rash . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 24 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , pain in the arms or legs ( oedema ), numbness or burning sensation in the arms and legs ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), decreased appetite , decreased appetite , confusion , headache , constipation , nausea ( loss of appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea and constipation ), 24 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain ( angina pectoris ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) flu - like symptoms , swollen face , runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) skin rash ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ) hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data melanoma ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) high blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar , high blood sugar levels , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) runny nose ( sore throat ) inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) skin rash ( itchy reddish rash ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) skin rash ( itchy reddish rash ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) skin rash ( itchy reddish rash ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) skin rash ( itchy reddish rash ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) skin rash ( itchy reddish rash ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) skin redness ( pruritus ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) skin redness ( pruritus ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) skin redness ( pruritus ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( stomatitis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than mild_to_moderate in 4 people ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure , which may make you feel tired or coughing which could be signs of heart attack , irregular heart beat , vomiting , nausea , feeling sick , fever or infection . these can be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing , burning sensation , feeling weak or wounds , signs of tingling , pins and needles or pain in your leg or muscles . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - wheezing , breathing difficulties or symptoms such as breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness , breathing difficulties or wheezing which could symptoms of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( symptoms may include nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux of the reflux of your stomach , stomach or inflammation_of_the_lungs ), - difficulty in breathing or wheezing ( symptoms of anaphylactic reaction ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea . - retching , constipation , reflux of reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the eye ( indigestion ) - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands and feet ( oedema ) - swelling of the feet - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands and feet ( oedema ) - swelling of the arms or legs - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - swelling of the arms or legs - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - swelling of the arms or legs - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - rash - swelling of the skin ( oedema ) - abnormal blood test results for clot . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea , retching , reflux of reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the indigestion - indigestion , flatulence , constipation - constipation - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles , feet or ankles - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - swelling of the arms or legs - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - swelling of the arms or legs - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet - feeling hot ( nausea ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - rash - swelling of the skin ( oedema ) - abnormal blood test results for clot . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea , retching , reflux of reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the indigestion - indigestion , flatulence , constipation - constipation - swelling of the arms or legs - swelling of the arms or legs - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - swelling of the arms or legs - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - swelling of the arms or legs - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) - swelling of the arms or legs - feeling hot ( rash ) - rash - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) - if you experience any of these symptoms or symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea . - retching , constipation , reflux of stomach , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - constipation ; - constipation ; - constipation ; - constipation ; - constipation ; - constipation ; - constipation ; - constipation ; - constipation ; - constipation ; - swelling of the arms or legs ; - swelling of the arms or legs ; - feeling hot ; - rash ; - swelling of the skin ; - burning sensation ; - rash ; - swelling of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , chest pain , shortness of breath , blisters and peeling of the skin . these symptoms may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of the following symptoms : skin rash , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of the following symptoms : rash , peeling or peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tired or weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , feeling more hungry or tired , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ) which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) symptoms of skin reactions such as blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the body , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tired or weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , feeling more hungry or tired , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ) which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) symptoms of skin reactions such as blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the body , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tired or weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , feeling more hungry or tired , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ) which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) symptoms of skin reactions such as blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the body , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tired or weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , feeling more hungry or tired , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ) which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) symptoms of skin reactions such as blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the body , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired feeling tired decreased appetite weight loss or decreased appetite feeling tired or tired shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort severe skin reactions such as peeling and blisters of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tired , weight loss ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your cancer . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 100 patients in 1 , 000 patients ): pain at the injection site uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): cancer at the injection site . if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , drowsiness , rapid or irregular heartbeat , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , increased sweating , fatigue , back pain , decreased sense of touch , nightmare , mood swings , nervousness , irritability , nervousness , feeling jittery , changes in nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tremor . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , upset stomach , dry mouth , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle pain , feeling unwell , back pain , feeling unwell , rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor , urinary tract infection , fungal infections , dry mouth , dry mouth , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle pain , feeling unwell , back pain , feeling unwell , very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , upset stomach , dry mouth , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle pain , feeling unwell , general feeling of being unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . increased blood pressure , upset stomach , upset stomach , dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle pain , feeling unwell , pain in limb , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . increased number of platelets in the blood , upset stomach , upset stomach , dry mouth , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle pain , feeling unwell . general disorders in the eye , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . increased blood pressure , upset stomach , upset stomach , dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle pain , feeling unwell . general disorders in the eye , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . increased blood pressure , upset stomach , upset stomach , dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle pain , feeling unwell . general disorders in the eye , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . increased blood pressure , upset stomach , upset stomach , dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle pain , feeling unwell . general disorders in the eye , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . increased pressure in the eye , ear discomfort , dry mouth , increased liver enzymes in the blood , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , increased muscle tension , feeling unwell . general disorders in the eye , feeling unwell . general disorders : feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . increased levels of sugar in the blood , upset stomach , upset stomach , dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased skin sensitivity to light . general disorders , feeling unwell . eye irritation , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . increased levels of sugar in the blood , upset stomach , upset stomach , dry mouth , increased sweating , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased skin sensitivity to light . general disorders , feeling unwell . eye irritation , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported side effect is a low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject a sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . low blood sugar : common : sweating , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in vision , feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . common ( may affect up to dizziness in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you get any of these , especially if you are not eating normally , you still need insulin . test your urine or blood , follow your ' sick rules ', and tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ( stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , skin rash , itching , dry skin or hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle or muscle pain , low blood pressure and fatigue ) at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , skin rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), skin rash , muscle pain ( arthralgia ) and fatigue ( the signs of high blood pressure ) dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , 28 muscle pain , low blood pressure , fatigue ( fatigue ), chest pain , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site . weight loss , weight loss , hair loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , change in attention , loss of consciousness , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , skin rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), skin rash , muscle pain ( arthralgia ) and fatigue ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , high or low blood pressure , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , constipation , skin rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), - muscle pain , low blood pressure ( hypertension ), fatigue , chest pain , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site . - weight loss , - weight loss , - hair loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , high or low blood pressure , - difficulty in breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), - muscle pain ( myalgia ), - fatigue ( injection site reaction ) - weight loss , - weight loss , - hair loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , high or low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rapid breathing ( signs of high levels of sugar in the blood , known as fatigue ) - anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , dizziness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , flushing . skin rash . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flushing , skin rash , blocked or runny nose , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne - skin redness , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne , skin rash , acne skin redness , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne skin rash , acne
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : 65 or worsening of the following fever : fever , chills , shivering , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience a rash , rash , shivering or shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal pain . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it may be a sign of an allergic reaction . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking mvasi . if you experience a rash , shivering , shivering , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal_pain abdominal pain . this could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). this could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). this could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). this could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). this could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). - abdominal pain or fever , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal pain . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - nausea or being sick ( vomiting ) or abdominal_pain abdominal pain . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your liver function test . - bleeding from the brain . - if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - abdominal pain or fever , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal pain . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - diarrhoea : - abdominal ( stomach ) pain . your doctor may advise you to stop taking this medicine . - if you experience an allergic reaction , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - diarrhoea : - abdominal ( stomach ) pain . your doctor may advise you to stop taking this medicine . - if you experience any of the above symptoms : - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea : - abdominal ( stomach ) pain . your doctor may advise you to stop taking this medicine . - if you experience an allergic reaction , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - diarrhoea : - abdominal ( stomach ) pain . your doctor may advise you to stop taking this medicine . - if you experience an allergic reaction , your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with mvasi . - a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal pain . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - nausea and feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea : - abdominal ( stomach ) pain . - if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with mvasi . - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). symptoms may include abdominal pain , fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which may be life threatening and life threatening . symptoms include : - difficulty breathing , breathlessness , light - headedness , confusion or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , or other breathing problems . - sore throat or difficulty swallowing . - abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting contact a doctor immediately . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infections , which can be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , light - headedness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : - fever , chills or other signs of infection such as fever , chills , or looking pale . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , light - headedness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called " posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : - fever , chills or other signs of infection such as breathlessness , chills , or looking pale . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , light - headedness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called " posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : fever , chills , or coughing up blood , sore throat , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting contact a doctor immediately . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , which can be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in your mental status , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , or coughing up blood , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting contact a doctor immediately . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , which can be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in your mental status , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , or coughing up blood , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting contact a doctor immediately . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking januvia and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat , as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach ulcer , stomach ulcer , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ulcer , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , flatulence 64 , stomach discomfort , stomach ulcer , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , flatulence 64 , stomach ache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , arm or leg leg pain , leg pain , leg pain , leg pain , leg pain , leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with pancreatic_enzymes treatment ( may affect more than an_injection_of_glucagon in low blood sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic ketoacidosis and eventually death . for more information , your doctor may need to change your blood sugar levels and what to do if you do if you do not have high blood sugar and what to do if you have any of the signs or signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or feeling tired . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs of low blood sugar : high blood sugar : test your urine for ketones if you can , then seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with giotrif . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with giotrif . if you experience any of the following symptoms : severe fever , diarrhoea , vomiting and stomach pain ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of giotrif , seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe infection of the skin ( sepsis ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - fever - pain , redness , swelling or itching at the site of injection - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ) - peeling and swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , fever ) and itching at the infusion site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - severe infection ( sepsis ) - infection of the lung ( sepsis ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - fever - pain , redness , swelling , itching or itching of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ) - peeling and swelling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - itching - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) - severe and sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . fever , itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be severe and potentially life - threatening reactions ( e . g . fever , itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - pain , redness , swelling , peeling or fever ( signs of low levels of red blood cells , which may make you feel faint or fever ) - nose bleed ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - itching - swelling of the face or throat - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing . - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , fever ) and blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , fever ) and blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to worsening_kidney_function in 10 people ): common side effects ( may affect up to worsening_kidney_function in 10 people ): common side effects ( may affect up to worsening_kidney_function in 100 people ): low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to worsening_kidney_function
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , stomach ache , nausea and loss of appetite ( possible signs of liver problems ) nausea , loss of appetite ( signs of liver problems ) such as yellowing of your liver or blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) which may indicate rash . the other side effects that have been reported with ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness and / or pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of appetite , nausea , abdominal pain , stomach ache , increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation in the mouth and / or throat , which may be caused by a decrease in the number of white blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation in the arms and / or legs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the pancreas and ear , which may be associated with blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation in the arms and / or legs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the pancreas and ear , blood in the urine increase in liver enzymes in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear pain ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests ( increased levels of liver enzymes ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation in the arms and / or legs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the pancreas and ear , blood in the urine increase in liver enzymes in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) blood tests may show : increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness or spinning in the arms and / or legs changes in the way things taste increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing or swallowing - feeling very tired or swallowing - feeling very tired or swallowing o signs of infection such as fever , feeling very sleepy , fast heart beat and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as : fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . your doctor will tell you how to treat if
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing and / or high blood pressure and sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , heart attack or irregular heart beat , high blood pressure and sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of irregular heart beat , heart attack , high blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , sweating , fever and itching . these symptoms may be signs of heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever and itching . these symptoms may be signs of heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever and itching . these symptoms may be signs of heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever and itching . these symptoms may be signs of heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of itching , swelling and redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms may be signs of heart problems . fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , sweating , fever and itching . these symptoms may be signs of heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , sweating , fever and itching . these symptoms may be signs of heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , sweating , fever and itching . these symptoms may be signs of heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of such as : itching , rash , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack ; fast heart beat ; low blood pressure ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; sweating ; fever ; shivering or itching . these symptoms can be signs of heart problems . fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , sweating and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of such as : itching , rash , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , vomiting , fever , shivering , shivering , heart attack
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reactions , which may cause breathlessness , chest pain or tightness in the chest . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain ) at the infusion site . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and resolve within a few days . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions can be avoided by changing the 2 weeks of this leaflet . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions can be avoided by changing the 2 weeks of this leaflet . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions can be avoided by changing the 2 weeks of this leaflet . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions can be avoided by changing the 2 weeks of this leaflet . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions can be avoided by changing the 2 weeks of this leaflet . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions can be avoided by changing the 2 weeks of this leaflet . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , chest pain or swelling_of_the_face swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . blood tests may show changes in the way things your liver is working . if this happens to you , tell your doctor immediately . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , chest pain or swelling_of_the_face swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . blood tests may show changes in the way things your liver is working . if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects straight away : low blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) pain in the upper right area of the mouth or mouth ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin or the white part of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with an allergic reaction , confusion , hallucinations , fever , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction with low blood pressure , which may be a sign of a life - threatening condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). this may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - confusion , hallucinations , fever , chills , abnormal muscle sensations like pins and needles , sleepiness , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , very fast heartbeat , fast or fast muscle movement , sleepiness , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , very fast heartbeat , fast or shallow pulse , severe swelling of the skin , red or purple skin patches , itchy skin , skin lesions , itchy skin , itchy skin or skin lesions . other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - visual problems such as a sudden drop in blood pressure , which can lead to a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of a life - threatening condition known as ' dopamine leak syndrome ", which may be life threatening . - severe skin reactions , including life - threatening skin rashes , which may be life - threatening . - itchy skin or red skin , red lumps on the skin that may progress to severe blistering and peeling of the skin , red lumps on the skin , red lumps on the skin , red lumps on the skin that is covered with small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small red bumps on the skin that spreads over the skin . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reactions ( including severe allergic reaction ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function - increased blood levels of liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - pain in the upper right part of the stomach or abdomen ( jaundice ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - red skin
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , which may be seen after the use of mvabea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling , and pain where the injection is given ( itching ) - pain at the injection site - itching ( pruritus ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - warmth ( itching ) where the injection is given , such as pain , swelling and warmth where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - warmth and itching where the injection is given , such as pain , swelling and warmth where the injection is given . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear within a few days to a few weeks . - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks . - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks . - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks . - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks . - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking bondronat and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling tired , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . the frequency of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling tired , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . the frequency of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling tired , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . blood tests may show changes in your blood or urine test results . your doctor may check your blood tests to check your blood tests . low level of potassium in your blood . common ( may affect up to your_bone in 100 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling tired , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . blood tests may show changes in your blood or urine test results . your doctor may check your blood tests to check your blood tests . low level of calcium in your blood . common ( may affect up to your_bone in 100 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling tired , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood tests . high level of potassium in your blood . your doctor may check your blood tests to check your blood tests . high level of potassium in your blood . decreased level of potassium in your blood . decreased level of calcium in your blood . decreased levels of potassium in your blood . decreased levels of potassium in your blood . swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . difficulty in breathing . when you are having this medicine , your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . arthritis and / or other signs of infection ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , palpitations , feeling dizzy or feeling sick or being sick ) sore throat , inflamed stomach or mouth ulcers ( arthritis ) or problems with your eyesight ( e . g . mouth , mouth , hands , feet , hands or feet ) or shivering . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . stroke may be a sign of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your circulatory and needs urgent medical attention . coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) in your lungs or lungs ( seen in tests ) in your brain or in your spinal column , if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : blood tests may show increase in the number of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) the signs may include : abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes shown in blood tests , which may be a sign of liver problems . the signs may include : abnormal liver function tests ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reaction may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; drop in blood pressure ; breathlessness ; difficulty in breathing ; this may be due to a change in your blood pressure . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great drop in blood pressure and breathlessness . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of your liver ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or throat , which may be signs of a drop in blood pressure and breathlessness . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood in your urine if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : wheezing , fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , change in mucus colour , increased cough or other signs of infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore throat or throat pain when passing urine these may be signs of a urinary tract infection ( see section " warnings and precautions ") blurred vision 37 if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : blurred vision throat_infection ( cloudy eyes ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore throat ( sore throat ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore throat and sore throat ( oropharyngeal ) infection of the nose and throat ( nasopharyngitis ) flu ( influenza ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) high levels of potassium in the blood ( shown in tests ) joint pain constipation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( fractures ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) heart attack ( fractures ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects 37 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face with or without difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be severe and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction such as itching , hives , swelling or sores in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , anaphylaxis , flu - like symptoms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking zinforo and contact your doctor immediately . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin and allergic reactions feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given . general disorders : feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , tell your doctor . flu - like symptoms , such as fever , sore throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or bruising where the injection is given , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , low blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , fever , sore throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or bruising where the injection is given , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may include : swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes , eye irritation . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and fever ). loss of appetite . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called blood platelets 31 31 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels 31 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels 31 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels 31 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) allergic reactions ( jaundice ) hallucinations , memory impairment , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , mood swings , confusion , panic attack , confusion , panic attack , confusion , panic attack , confusion , panic attack , confusion , panic attack , confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , confusion , speech disturbances , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , problems with your eyesight , confusion , memory impairment or confusion . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called blood platelets ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood sugar levels . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions ( jaundice ), hallucinations , memory impairment , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , loss of memory , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , panic attack , confusion , mood swings , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , mood swings , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , problems with your eyesight , confusion , memory impairment or confusion . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called blood platelets ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood sugar levels . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood sugar levels . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased appetite . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased breakdown of the bone ( jaundice ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased appetite . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions ( including jaundice ). hallucinations , memory impairment , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , loss of memory , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , panic attack , confusion , panic attack , confusion , panic attack , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment , confusion , panic attack , confusion , mood swings , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , problems with your eyesight , confusion , memory impairment or confusion . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur with breathing and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : rash or swelling of the face or throat , chest pain or chest tightness . severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) such as rash . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe infections ( including sepsis and sepsis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin rash , difficulty swallowing or breathing or a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : heart problems : signs of shock include : chest pain or swallowing shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or feeling tired or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg pain ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; nausea and vomiting ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ; dyspepsia ( heart_burn ); heart_burn ( stomach pain ); indigestion ; dyspepsia ( taste disturbance ); double vision ; dry eyes ; dry skin ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; dry skin ; bruising ; abnormal liver function test ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness ; reduction in the number of bleeding in the blood . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; nausea and vomiting ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ; dyspepsia ( heart_burn ); heart_burn ; abnormal dreams ; difficulty in sleeping ; dry mouth ; swelling of the hands and feet ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; abnormal liver function test ; increased hair loss ; swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; raised bruising ; bruising ; redness of the skin ; eczema ; abnormal skin sensations ; rash ; redness of the skin ; bruising ; abnormal skin sensations ; rash ; redness of the skin ; bruising ; abnormal skin sensations ; rash ; redness of the skin ; bruising ; abnormal skin sensations ; rash ; redness of the skin ; bruising ; abnormal skin sensations like rash ; redness of the skin ; bruising ; abnormal skin sensations ; pain in the joints ; joint pain ; blood in urine ; kidney problems ; chest pain ; oedema ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop using the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers ( common ), itchy or runny nose , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers of your stomach or intestine , feeling sick ( constipation ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or sores of your stomach or intestine , being sick ( constipation ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( constipation ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or sores of your stomach or intestine , being sick ( constipation ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea dry mouth loss of appetite hair loss ( alopecia ) increased sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) increased sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) muscle spasm back pain , neck or neck pain general feeling of being unwell , feeling_uneasy_or_tired , shivering or flu like illness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called platelets ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) destruction of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills or other signs of an infection ( e . g . chills , a flu - like reaction , which may be associated with passing water less frequently than usual , vomiting , vomit , nausea and feeling sick ), stomatitis ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , please seek medical advice immediately . 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , please seek medical advice immediately . 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , please seek medical advice immediately . 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , please seek medical advice immediately . 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , please seek medical advice immediately . 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infection ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling tired feeling weak or weak generally feeling unwell . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose ( common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose ( rhinitis ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction with rash and itching , hives and rash of the skin high blood sugar rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast or irregular heart beats ( called palpitations ) fainting or loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face or throat not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the side effects listed below have been experienced by patients given telmisartan : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure ( hypotension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels ( thrombocytopenia ), feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug hypersensitivity ( drug reaction , back pain , muscle pain , myalgia ( kidney impairment ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sepsis . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) serious allergic reactions ( eosinophilia , may affect up to death , low blood pressure , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . mouth , mouth , tongue and / or throat ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness ( neuropathy ), rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sepsis . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) serious allergic reactions ( including severe localised swelling of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section " serious and life - threatening allergic reactions ], eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . serious allergic reactions ( eosinophilia , anaphylactic reaction ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood sugar ) means that there is not enough sugar in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . abnormal sore throat , cough , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , sores in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness ( neuropathy ), rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of telmisartan . however , it is not known whether these events were related to the use of kinzalmono . low blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), thrombocytopenia ( low blood sugar ) may occur ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking afstyla and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat ) chills , dizziness and low blood pressure could occur . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - chills , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . - bleeding may occur . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as symptoms may include : dizziness , low blood pressure , wheezing , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or bleeding in the arms and / or legs . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including bleeding at the injection site at each injection site ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( injection site rotation ) and injection reactions ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above : if you experience chills , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling or bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the symptoms above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including injection site reactions ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( injection site rotation ) and injection reactions ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in this leaflet : you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . 41 / 43
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - difficulties in swallowing or confusion ; - seizures ; - convulsions ; - convulsions ; - fever ; - if you experience a rash , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or abdominal pain - fever ; - abnormal liver function tests ; - itching , rash , skin_swelling , or skin_swelling . - abnormal liver function test ; common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells called neutrophils and a type of white blood cell ( needed to fight infection ) and a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and in the number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and in the number of red blood cells and blood platelets ( may be seen in tests ) - in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . if you experience any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the symptoms above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - loss of appetite - fever - vomiting ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite - severe tiredness or confusion - seizures ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion - seizures ( fits ) - memory impairment ( nausea ) - seizures ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - severe tiredness or confusion - seizures ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion - seizures ( fits ) - memory impairment - abdominal pain - fever - abnormal blood test results : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of red blood cells and blood platelets ( may show in your blood tests ) - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - loss of appetite - nausea and vomiting - difficulty in swallowing - excessive sweating - confusion - seizures ( fits ) - seizures ( fits ) - seizures ( fits ) - loss of appetite - abdominal pain - fever - seizures ( fits ) - memory impairment - loss of appetite - fever - seizures ( fits ) - memory impairment - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - fever : - shivering or shivering ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat ; - swelling of the hands , hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , shivering , shivering , pain , pain , bruising or bleeding . - abnormal liver function test . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and in the number of white blood cells and blood platelets ( may be seen in tests ) - in the number of red blood cells in your blood ( which can make you more prone to treatment ) or to your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms : - pain or pain , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , difficulty in swallowing , excessive sweating , confusion , seizures ( fits ), memory impairment , - loss of appetite , confusion , seizures ( fits ), memory impairment , - loss of appetite , confusion , seizures ( fits ), memory impairment or loss of appetite . - confusion . - seizures . - fits . - memory impairment . - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . - if you have stopped taking medicines for the treatment of this condition , some of the side effects you may get may be related to your breast cancer . if you notice any of these symptoms , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : rashes , hives , swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing or low blood pressure ( fainting , dizziness , feeling sick , sick , vomiting , stomach ache , reflux of the skin , difficulty in breathing or fainting , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure and low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , stomach ache , reflux of the skin , difficulty in breathing or rashes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), hives , redness of the skin ( signs of a skin disorder called erythema multiforme ), increased sweating , hives ( redness of the skin ), blood in your urine , increased sweating , hives ( itchy ), raised urine output , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , redness of the skin , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin or raised lumps on the skin ( erythema ), presence of blood in the urine , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin or raised lumps on the skin ( erythema ), presence of blood in the urine , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin ( signs of a skin disorder called erythema multiforme ), increased muscle tension , abnormal kidney function tests , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure , fainting , dizziness , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux of reflux of the skin , dizziness , headache low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux of reflux of the skin , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , skin discolouration , nail disorder , abnormal skin colour , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin or raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - blood tests may show increased levels of liver enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . - increased sweating . - hives . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat . - difficulty in swallowing . - swelling of the skin ( angioedema ) - difficulty in swallowing . - hives . - swelling of the eyelids , mouth or throat . - difficulty in swallowing . - hives . - swelling of the eyelids , mouth or throat . - difficulty in swallowing . - hives . - swelling of the skin , red or purple lumps on the skin . - elevated liver enzymes in your blood . - increased sweating . - hives . - swelling of the eyelid ( signs of a skin disorder called dermatitis ). - difficulty in swallowing . - hives . - swelling of the salivary glands . - inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - inflamed pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), feeling sick ( nausea ), stomach ( stomach ) pain , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy rash . other side effects with enyglid may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), feeling sick ( nausea ), stomach ( stomach ) pain . increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ). rash . itchy skin . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) and rash . itchy rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) and allergic reactions such as rash , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). feeling dizzy , feeling dizzy ( asthenia ), feeling sick ( nausea ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): rash , itchy skin . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) and allergic reactions such as skin rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) and hypersensitivity reactions ( e . g . rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes ), increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) feeling dizzy , feeling dizzy , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), feeling sick ( nausea ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): rash , itchy skin . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( which may indicate hypersensitivity reactions , itchy rash , rash , itchy rash , increased levels of liver enzymes ). your doctor may also check your blood tests to check how well your liver is working . hypersensitivity ( e . g . rash , itchy skin , increased sweating , abnormal liver function tests , hypersensitivity ) and serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) feeling dizzy feeling dizzy loss of appetite ( anorexia ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) abnormal liver function tests not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) rash and itchy rash other side effects that have been reported during marketed use include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) hypersensitivity reactions such as itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( which may indicate hypersensitivity reactions , itchy rash , rash , itchy rash , increased levels of liver enzymes ), increased liver enzymes ( hypersensitivity ) skin rash , rash , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( hypersensitivity ) reactions very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite ( anorexia ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) rash and itchy rash other side effects which are not mentioned above are listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ) which may be a sign of low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). your doctor may check your blood tests more often if you have an infection . your doctor may decide to lower blood tests to check for any changes in your liver function . if you have low blood pressure , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : chest pain , shortness of breath or pale , shaking , anxiety , confusion , dizziness , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , loss of consciousness , changes in consciousness , loss of consciousness , fever , chills or shivering . these may be signs of a condition called pneumonia . low blood pressure , which may make you feel fever or chills , shivering or shivering . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called pneumonia . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an infection such as : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat stomach pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of consciousness , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle and nose pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle and nose pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ). muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , neck pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle and nose pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ). muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle and nose pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ). muscle weakness , joint pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle and nose pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ). muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle and nose pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ). muscle weakness , joint pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ). muscle weakness , joint pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle and nose pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ). muscle weakness , joint pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ). muscle weakness , joint pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) muscle pain , joint pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ). muscle weakness , joint pain , neck pain , pain in the upper right side of the nose ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) nasal congestion ( runny nose ) sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain palpitations ( low blood pressure ) increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , hot flushes , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , abnormal liver function tests , skin rash , itching , generalised itching , difficulty in passing urine , difficulty in passing urine , increased need to pass urine , needing to urinate more often , changes in heart beat and palpitations ( palpitations ), low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , throat or throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , nose bleeds , difficulty swallowing , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , throat or throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , stomach discomfort , difficulty swallowing , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal kidney function tests , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal kidney function tests , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal kidney function tests , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal kidney function tests , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal kidney function tests , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleed , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal kidney function tests , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleed , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , asthma , asthma , throat irritation , nose bleeds , abnormal taste , abnormal sensation in the mouth , throat discomfort , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , nose bleeds , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , runny nose , nose bleed , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal kidney function , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your some_blood_tests . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , bleeding , discomfort or discomfort redness of the skin , itchy rash ( thickening of the skin ), thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin ( erythema ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle tension . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), diarrhoea , constipation , stomach upset , anorexia ( heartburn ), constipation , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle tension . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( erythema ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle tension . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), cough , vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( erythema ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle tension . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), cough , vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( erythema ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ), cough , vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( erythema ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ), cough , vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( erythema ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ), cough , vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( erythema ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ), cough , vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( erythema ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd , as well as wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or faintness , fainting or fainting . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eye and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure may occur if you : feel light - headed or wheezing which may be accompanied by faintness , faintness or fainting . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure . your doctor may tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs of high blood sugar : cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or faintness , fainting or fainting . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eye and needs urgent medical attention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking adasuve . the signs may include : asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or asthma , which may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eye and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness rapid heart rate ( palpitations ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , asthma , loss of consciousness , faintness , inability to fall asleep or stay asleep , confusion , loss of consciousness , faintness , muscle twitching , increased eye pressure and feeling jittery . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels ( asthma ), shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness_of_breath or asthma , shortness of breath , confusion , decreased consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle twitching , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels ( asthma ), shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , shortness of breath , confusion , decreased consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle twitching , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels ( asthma ), shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , shortness of breath , confusion , decreased consciousness , faintness , mood changes or faintness , problems with speech , faintness , muscle twitching , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , shortness of breath , confusion , decreased consciousness , faintness , mood changes or faintness , problems with speech , faintness , difficulty concentrating , faintness , muscle twitching , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood pressure . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , shortness of breath , confusion , decreased consciousness , faintness , mood changes or faintness , loss of consciousness , faintness or difficulty in sleeping , faintness or loss of hearing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the brain . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) increased pressure in the brain . other possible side effects of adasuve include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness rapid heart rate ( palpitations ) shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , confusion , loss of consciousness , faintness , loss of consciousness , faintness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - pale or pale mouth - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - constipation - indigestion - diarrhoea - inflammation of the stomach ( gut ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - feeling tired - common ( may affect up to runny_nose in 100 people ) - anaemia ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - pale or pale mouth - abdominal pain - constipation - indigestion - diarrhoea - inflammation of the stomach ( gut ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - flu - like symptoms ( e . g . feeling_generally_unwell , itching , muscle pain , joint pain ) - anxiety , insomnia ( loss of appetite ) - insomnia ( tiredness ) - weakness , shivering , shivering , shivering , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the gut ( hypotension ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - back pain ( indigestion ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - feeling bloated ( dyspepsia ) - bleeding_in_the_stomach ( flatulence ) - gut problems ( asthenia ) - abnormal feeling in the mouth ( asthenia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - urticaria ( itchy skin rash ) - urticaria ( itching ) - muscle aches , joint pain , generally feeling unwell ( asthenia ), - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - bleeding_in_the_stomach ( flatulence ) - gut pain ( asthenia ) - pain in the arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ) - asthenia ( pain at the infusion site ) - feeling hot ( hypotension ) - dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased sweating ( hypotension ) - feeling weak ( fatigue ) - common side effects ( may affect up to dry_cough in 100 people ) - pain in the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - anaemia ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - constipation - indigestion - diarrhoea - inflammation of the stomach ( gut ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the gut ( gut ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - back pain ( indigestion ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - back pain - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - feeling bloated ( dyspepsia ) - bleeding_in_the_stomach ( flatulence ) - gut problems ( asthenia ) - excess of fluid in the abdomen ( peripheral oedema ) - asthenia ( excess wind ) - mouth ulcers ( asthenia ) - itchy skin ( urticaria ) - itching - muscle pain , joint pain - generally feeling unwell ( asthenia ) - abnormal feeling in the mouth ( asthenia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( asthenia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itching - muscle spasms - joint pain - generally feeling unwell ( hypotension ) - pain in the arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ) - asthenia ( swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ) - feeling hot ( hypotension ) - dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting - stomach pain - increased sweating ( hypotension ) - increased sweating ( hypotension ) - common side effects ( may affect up to dry_cough in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( asthenia ) - infection of the gut ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - pale skin - constipation - indigestion - diarrhoea - inflammation of the stomach ( gut ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - blood tests may show : - increased levels of creatinine ( hypotension ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - back pain - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting stomach pain ( acid reflux ) pain in stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting pain in stomach or intestine abdominal pain muscle pain ( myalgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) dizziness dizziness , headache inflammation of the stomach or intestine stomach pain , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation_of_the_stomach_(gastritis) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 dizziness 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the mouth or mouth ulcers of the mouth , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain , blood in urine , joint pain , joint pain , 34 dizziness , headache 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain , joint pain 34 ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , bloating_(abdominal_distension 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain , abdominal pain 34 ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the mouth or mouth ulcers of the mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , bloating_(abdominal_distension 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain , abdominal pain 34 ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , swelling of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ) joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain , blood in urine , joint pain , 34 dizziness , headache 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain , joint pain , abdominal pain 34 . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , difficulty swallowing , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain , blood in urine , joint pain , 34 dizziness , headache 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain , joint pain , abdominal pain 34 ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain , blood in urine , joint pain , 34 dizziness , headache 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain , joint pain , abdominal pain 34 ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , difficulty swallowing , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , joint
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of chills or weakness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and / or the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), which may be accompanied by fever , chills and fatigue . these may be signs of a condition called interstitial ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the lung is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to confusion . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . - sleepiness , anxiety or fatigue . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the magnesium is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . this could be a sign of an allergic reaction to varuby . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . feeling tired or having a high temperature . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you experience feeling tired or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you experience difficulty in breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) abnormal dreams , tenderness , weakness or dizzy . headache , nausea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn , stomach discomfort , nausea 29 . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash , acne , skin rash , hair loss , acne , back pain , muscle pain , feeling tired , back pain , fever , feeling tired , lack of energy , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy or lack of energy , sensation of spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , ringing in the ears , feeling nervous , problems with your balance , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , acid reflux , heartburn , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , constipation , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction , which may include skin rash , itching and hives ( hives ). allergic reaction other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infections ( candidiasis ) candidiasis ( a feeling of pain or pain in your cheeks and / or throat ). urinary tract infection , ear pain , headache , fast heart beat , cough , stuffy nose , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the mouth ), nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ), pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , muscle pain , fever , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , itching , rash , rash , muscle pain , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , fever ( itching ), rash , rash , muscle pain , muscle cramps or pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ), dry mouth , high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ), swollen glands in the neck or throat ( urinary tract infection ), headache , fast heart beat , cough , stuffy nose , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the mouth ), nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ), pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , muscle pain , fever , bone pain , pain in arms or legs , itching , rash , rash , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , pain in arms and legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ), dry mouth , high or low blood pressure , swollen lymph nodes ( dysuria ), swollen face , tongue or throat ( urinary tract infection ), headache , fast heart beat , cough , stuffy nose , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ), pain in the lower abdomen ( abdomen ) pain , muscle pain , fever , bone pain , pain in arms or legs , itching , rash , muscle pain , bone pain , pain in arms or legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ), dry mouth , high or low blood pressure , swollen lymph nodes ( dysuria ), swollen face , tongue or throat ( urinary tract infection ), headache , fast heart beat , cough , stuffy nose , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ), pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) pain , muscle pain , fever , bone pain , fever , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , itching , rash , muscle pain , bone pain , pain in arms or legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ), dry mouth , high or low blood pressure , swollen legs , difficulty in swallowing ( dysuria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dysuria ( a type of cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin_allergy ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache feeling tired feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , wind ( flatulence ) feeling tired or tired low blood pressure high blood levels of uric acid in your blood common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired or feeling tired low blood pressure , inflammation of the liver , which may be seen in blood tests : 45 irritability , anxiety , depression , suicidal thoughts , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or low blood pressure , loss of consciousness , inflammation or pain of your arms and / or legs ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) inflammation or fractures of the digestive system ( e . g . pain or fractures ), blood in urine , and / or urine tests . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . some patients have had depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares ( e . g . inflammation or pain or fractures ) in your blood or liver enzymes . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . if you experience pain , fractures or fractures , as soon as possible . changes in behaviour , including difficulty in sleeping , nightmares , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or decreased blood pressure , changes in behaviour , such as pain or pain in your arms and / or legs ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . if you experience pain , fractures or fractures , as soon as possible . some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking this medicine : - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling dizzy feeling sleepy feeling feeling_very_sleepy ( sleepy , feeling very sleepy , sleepy or fast muscle contractions ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), dry mouth , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy or sleepy , dry ears , increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy or sleepy , dry ears , increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy or sleepy , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry ears , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) increased muscle tension , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . dry mouth , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth . increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . on sense of touch . tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . numbness of the hands or feet . numbness of the arms or legs . vertigo . feeling dizzy . dry mouth , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . dry mouth , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth . increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . on sense of touch . tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . numbness of the hands or feet . numbness of the arms or legs . vertigo . feeling dizzy . dry mouth , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . dry mouth , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling , taste disturbance . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth . increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . feeling dizzy or sleepy . dry mouth . increased muscle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of rash , chills , feeling tired , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , blistering of the skin , chills , fever , chills , chills and feeling tired . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of the following symptoms : skin rash , itching , rash , blistering or peeling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - allergic reactions ( e . g . itching , rash , blistering , or peeling ) and / or peeling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , chills , fever , chills and feeling tired . - changes in liver function tests . these may be signs of ggt . the frequency of these side effects is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( angioedema ) and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking duoplavin . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; swelling of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; shortness of breath ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; swelling of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; shortness of breath ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; swelling of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , drowsiness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ), sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , upset stomach , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , indigestion , ulcers of the throat , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , neck pain , pain in your arms or legs , chest pain , swelling of legs , arms or legs , chest pain , nausea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , rash , itching . hair loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): sore throat , sneezing , runny nose , sore throat , ear infection , ear infection , ear infection , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , asthma , general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , nightmares , nightmares , nightmares , fainting , fits , loss of taste , dry eye , eye pain , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms or legs , feeling unwell , low blood pressure , swelling of the arms or legs , feeling tired , low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sneezing , asthma , stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching . hair loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): sore throat , sneezing , runny nose , sore throat , sinus infection , ear infection , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , asthma , general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , nightmares , depression , nightmares , nightmares , fainting , fits , loss of taste , dry pupil on the skin , skin discolouration , joint pain , joint pain , back pain , pain in your arms or legs , feeling unwell , low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching , itching . hair loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections , sneezing , runny nose , sore throat , ear infection , ear infection , ear infection , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , asthma , general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , nightmares , depression , nightmares , nightmares , fainting , fits , mental fainting , dry mouth , eye pain or changes in pupil colour . in addition , your pupil may experience changes in your blood or urine test results . injection site pain , joint pain , pain in arms or legs , feeling unwell , low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , flushing , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , indigestion , vomiting , indigestion , ulcers of the throat , loss of appetite , muscle stiffness or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in your arms or legs , chest pain , swelling of legs , arms or legs , muscle weakness or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , muscle weakness or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , muscle weakness or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , muscle weakness or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs . general disorders : nausea ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of filgrastim_ratiopharm alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or in the number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) which may be a sign of a serious infection which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever or fatigue - difficulty breathing - chest pain - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you develop a rash , fever and / or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called pneumonia , which may be life - threatening . - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm . if you develop a rash , fever and / or fatigue , as this could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pneumonia ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . the frequency of this side effect is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than the_treatment in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - fever - signs of a serious infection such as sore throat , a hoarse voice , cough , wheezing or difficulty breathing . - chest pain . - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - cough , feeling sick ( vomiting ) or vomiting . - loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( frequency of this can be seen in your blood tests ) - a decrease in the number of red cells in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with medicines . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with medicines . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with medicines . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with medicines . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with medicines . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with medicines . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with medicines . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with medicines . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with medicines . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during treatment with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking riluzole_zentiva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease , which may be a sign of liver problems ) fever , cough , difficulty in breathing , or sick ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) - these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( tiredness ) - numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin - vomiting - sleepiness - increase in blood pressure - diarrhoea - tiredness - dizziness - numbness or pain - itching - itching ( pruritus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - increased blood pressure ( pancreatitis ) - diarrhoea - tiredness - dizziness - numbness or pain ( itching ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - an increase in some liver test results ( pancreatitis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infections - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following symptoms : diarrhoea , dizziness , numbness or pain ( itching ) - being sick ( vomiting ), vomiting or diarrhoea . - increased sweating . - diarrhoea . - tiredness . - dizziness . - numbness or pain at the site of injection . - vomiting . - diarrhoea . - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections . - reduction in the number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - increased levels of some liver enzymes in your blood - tiredness , numbness , pain and itching - a feeling of pain or itching in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infections of the blood ( sepsis ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your white_blood_cells , as well as yellowing_of_your_skin , some of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not being sick ( vomiting ). - diarrhoea . - if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain or itching - redness of the skin - vomiting - sleepiness - increased blood pressure - diarrhoea - tiredness - dizziness - numbness or pain - itching - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - increased blood pressure - diarrhoea - tiredness - dizziness - numbness or pain - itching - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - an increase in some liver test results ( pancreatitis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infections - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , itching , rash , rash , difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure and feeling hot ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling jittery ( vertigo ) low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , constipation , rash , red skin , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness low blood pressure , low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or light - headedness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , vertigo ( low blood pressure ) dizziness , light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , immediately contact your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea ( fatigue ), constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , abdominal pain , aching muscles or pain in the abdomen , abdominal pain , aching muscles , bone pain , aching joints , pain in arms or legs , joint pain , aching muscles , bone pain , aching joints common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal liver function tests , thinning , itching , dry skin , skin rash , joint pain , dry skin , itching , dry skin , joint pain , flu - like symptoms , fatigue , flu , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea ,
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking proquad and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following reactions : hives , rash , swelling , tenderness or redness these symptoms may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . signs of low blood platelet counts such as redness , swelling , pain , tenderness , joint pain , swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , and fever have been reported . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . injection site reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if such reactions occur , speak to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , itching and / or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you get any of these symptoms : - nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , bloody stools or fever , which may indicate a reaction called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers - severe rash or itching - itching of the skin - this may be a sign of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) - psoriasis ( signs may include fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , facial itching , rash or itching ) - these may be signs of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - shortness of breath or spitting - rash - severe itching of the skin or psoriasis ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - shortness of breath , spitting or spitting or a severe allergic reaction , which may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction ( psoriasis ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the following : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , dry skin , rash and itching ) or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers - severe itching of the skin or psoriasis ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience any of these symptoms or signs , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - shortness of breath - shortness of breath with exercise or spitting or lying down of the body . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - shortness of breath - spitting up blood - skin rash - this may indicate a reaction called " sepsis " ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - damage to the blood vessels in your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). - tiredness , weight loss , loss of appetite , confusion or numbness , numbness or numbness of the skin . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - sore throat or mouth ulcers - rash - itching - these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers - severe itching of the skin or psoriasis ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the above symptoms : tell your doctor straight away : - fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers - rash or itching - this may be a sign of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of these symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) high or low blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) hyperglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood ) - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or dizziness ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience a rash , itching or hives ( hives ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience a rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or dizziness ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience a rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or dizziness ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience a rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or dizziness ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) - excessive sweating and hunger - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction ( rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction ( rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - dizziness or hunger - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness or dizziness ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction - rash - itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( dizziness ) - dizziness ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling of the face , lips
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop using the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require immediate medical attention . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with riximyo . if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , feeling sick ( constipation ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain_in_the_stomach ( flatulence ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen or stomach , irritation or ulcers of the stomach or intestine , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain_in_the_stomach ( flatulence ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or sores in your mouth or throat , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or sores in your mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite , indigestion ( being sick ), increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , breathing_difficulties , cough or breathing difficulties , itchy skin , hives and / or hives ( very common ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , such as fever , nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your lung , as well as rash and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives and / or difficulty breathing . these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these symptoms may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives and difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a rare severe allergic reaction which may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas , which causes fever and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . allergic reactions : rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , or difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reactions , including nausea and vomiting , as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy rash , hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reactions , including nausea and vomiting ) as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives and / or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ) difficulty breathing with low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy rash , hives and difficulty breathing ) severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ) difficulty breathing with low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy rash , hives and difficulty breathing ) severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ) difficulty breathing with low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy rash , hives and difficulty breathing ) severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ) difficulty breathing with low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy rash , hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be symptoms of anaphylactic reaction , which may be severe and life - threatening allergic reactions , which may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness or tiredness . these may be signs of a very condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression , abnormal taste in your mouth or throat , swelling of the face or throat very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and urinary problems . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause difficulty in passing out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) taking dementia . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused or drowsy , confused , difficulty in sleeping , vomiting , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or stomach , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , dry mouth , tiredness , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), itching of the skin , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , itching of the skin , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) inflammation of the veins in the stomach or bowel , swollen stomach or intestines , swollen stomach or intestines , inflammation of the stomach , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or stomach , abdominal pain , stomach discomfort , constipation , wind ( flatulence ), mouth ulcers , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , itching of the skin , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) redness of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s syndrome ) dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) itching of the skin , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) weight gain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth , hair loss . blood tests may show changes in the way the liver is working increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) itching of the skin , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) weight gain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth , hair loss or hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s foot ) dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) pain in the stomach or intestine , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with cabometyx : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) pain in the tummy ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the stomach or intestine ( gastroenteritis ) rash , dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) rash , dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) rash , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ) diarrhoea pain in the stomach or intestine , abdominal pain , stomach discomfort , stomach_upset , indigestion , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , hair loss , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face or throat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . allergic reactions ( which may cause skin rash , burning , drop in blood pressure , fever , feeling faint or easily_breathless ), becoming very wheezy , have been reported in association with death . if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or constipation , vomiting or vomiting , severe itching of the skin or raised lumps ( hives ) ( common ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes - a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away : - muscle weakness or weakness in the arms , legs or legs as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure ). - tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , memory impairment , nightmare , nightmare , dizziness , mood swings , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , trouble sleeping , swelling of the hands and feet ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( cornea ), inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the large intestine ( cornea ), which may be associated with the presence of a blood clot may occur . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking gefitinib_mylan and see a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters . contact your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face with or without pain , burning , burning , burning and burning sensation , headache , headache , flu like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache flu - like symptoms , shortness of breath , diarrhoea and feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - local reactions at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of fever , sore throat or coughing , as this could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( indigestion or paleness ). these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) - sore throat or cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - dry mouth - heartburn , discomfort or flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , tiredness , paleness , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood ) - vertigo ( paleness , paleness ). your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience symptoms such as shortness of breath , chest pain or heart attack which may be seen in blood tests . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) - sore throat or cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , tiredness , paleness , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood ) - vertigo ( ringing_in_the_ears ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness ( paleness ) - dizziness , lethargy , confusion , feeling anxious or confused ( vertigo ) - fast heartbeat ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) - sore throat - sore throat or cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach pain - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - dry mouth - heartburn , discomfort or flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , tiredness , paleness , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood ) - vertigo ( ringing_in_the_ears ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) - sore throat - sore throat or cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach pain - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , tiredness , paleness , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood ) - vertigo ( ringing_in_the_ears ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) - sore throat or cough - being sick ( vomiting ) - severe stomach pain - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , tiredness , paleness , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood ) - vertigo - tiredness
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to liver damage , which may be signs of lactic acidosis : feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort , bone pain , muscle weakness or muscle pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone infection . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or throat ( very common ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing , wheezing or fever . symptoms of serious allergic reactions may include loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening ( see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs ( low blood pressure ) fast heart beat ( sinus congestion ) rash . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome ). dryness in the mouth and / or throat , which may be a symptom of blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), which may be a sign of an uncommon side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 100 people . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain ( pneumonia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pain in the mouth or throat ( urinary tract infection ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tingling or numbness of the skin ( hypoaesthesia ) dryness of the skin ( dryness ) in the skin ( sciatica ) swelling of the face , hands , feet and / or throat ( sciatica ) swelling of the hands , leg or feet ( peripheral oedema ) swelling in the hands and feet ( sciatica ) swelling of the hands , leg or feet ( sciatica ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , sciatica by swelling at the infusion site ( sciatica ), swelling of the face and / or throat . these could be symptoms of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever high blood pressure ( hypertension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pain in the chest ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , sciatica by swelling at the site of injection ( sciatica ), swelling of the face and / or throat ( sciatica ). some of these symptoms can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , sciatica by swelling at the infusion site ( sciatica ), swelling of the face and / or throat . these could be symptoms of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , sciatica by swelling at the site of injection ( sciatica ), swelling of the face and / or throat . these could be symptoms of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , swelling of the face , swelling of the face and / or throat
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body , as well as possible . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : feeling dizzy or tired , chills , sore throat , cough , fever , chills , sore throat , feeling tired or tired , severe fever , feeling tired or having a fever . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you feel tired , chills , weakness , chills or fever , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you feel tired , or loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), - low levels of red blood cells in your blood . - low levels of platelets in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and what to do if you are treated with vaccine . - fever - sore throat - runny nose - cough - severe breathing difficulties - cough - severe tiredness with tired or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you feel tired , chills , weakness , chills or fever , as these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes loss of consciousness , which could be life - threatening . - if you feel unwell or loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising or thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), - low levels of red blood cells in the blood . - low number of red blood cells in the blood . - low number of red blood cells in the blood - low number of platelets in the blood , which may make you more prone to meningitis or flu - like symptoms . - fever - sore throat - runny nose - cough - severe breathing difficulties - cough - severe tiredness with tired or feeling tired . your doctor will tell you how to treat if you notice any of these . - severe pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your vaccine , as well as fever and fever , as it could be a sign of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - pain , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) - low number of red blood cells in the blood . - low number of red blood cells in the blood - reduction in the number of red blood cells in the blood - reduction in the number of red blood cells in the blood - flu - like symptoms such as fever , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing problems , which may be severe and could be life - threatening . - severe tiredness or feeling tired . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of these signs of vaccine such as fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing problems . - severe tiredness with tired or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) - low number of red blood cells in the blood - low number of red blood cells in the blood - low number of red blood cells in the blood - low number of platelets in the blood - flu - like symptoms such as fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing problems - severe tiredness with or without symptoms such as fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers - cough - severe tiredness with tired and / or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe infection called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . symptoms of allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue ) have been reported . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( redness at the fingers site ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions ( including redness of the fingers , hands or feet ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( high temperature , fever , fever , paleness or paleness ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , blisters , and peeling of the skin ) have been reported . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of seizures , especially if you experience loss of consciousness , wheezing or coughing , itchy skin , swelling of the face or lips , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these could be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction , which may include difficulty in breathing , or feeling faint . these symptoms can be severe and could lead to collapse . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes collapse and collapse . - difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing , itchy skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes collapse ( collapse , fainting , loss of consciousness , wheezing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or eye inflammation of the eye swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or high temperature ; pain in the arms or legs ; nausea ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; pain in the arms or legs ; increased liver enzymes in the blood . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). infections of the lung ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ). blurred vision due to swelling of the retina at the back of the eye ( macular oedema ) irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving docetaxel accord . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience fainting , fainting , dizziness , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or pain in the arms or legs , as this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and protein in your urine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash , chest pain or discomfort when passing urine ( these may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - rash - headache - feeling hot ( syncope ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache - diarrhoea - nausea ( being sick ) - constipation - skin rash ( rash ) feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - feeling light - headed ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( syncope ) - constipation - skin rash ( rash ) feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - feeling dizzy or feeling faint - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - skin rash ( rash ) feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - feeling dizzy or feeling faint - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - skin rash ( rash ) feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - feeling dizzy or feeling faint - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - skin rash ( rash ) feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - feeling dizzy or feeling faint - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - nausea - being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - skin rash ( rash ) feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - feeling dizzy or feeling faint - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - nausea - being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - skin rash ( rash ) feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - feeling dizzy or feeling faint - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - nausea - being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - skin rash ( rash ) feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis ( rash ), high blood pressure , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or coughing up blood , disorder ( rash , itching , pruritis , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing ), low blood pressure , disorder which may be life - threatening . if you experience any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) disorder of the liver . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives ( pruritis ), rash , pruritis ( rash ), headache , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , stop the injection and contact your doctor straight away . if you notice any of the following early symptoms : difficulty breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , trouble in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects have been observed with adynovi : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low level of blood platelets . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , nausea and diarrhoea . severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat . - difficulty in breathing or wheezing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects . symptoms of drowsiness , dizziness and difficulty breathing these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( anaphylactic shock ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . serious side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in rekovelle appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , chills or other signs of infection of the respiratory tract ( e . g . mouth , mouth , tongue and / or throat ) - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - stomach ache - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) - headache - stomach ache - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) - raised levels of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) - fast heartbeat ( tachycardia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . lactic acidosis is a rare but serious side effect . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : drowsiness , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort , stomach pain , or feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort , bone pain or muscle pain . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the side effects above . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache abnormal dreams , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , stomach or discomfort , dry mouth feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , stomach or discomfort , dry mouth , feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ), muscle pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness or weakness in the hands or soles of your kidneys which may cause your skin to peel ( this may occur regardless of blood glucose level ). your doctor may check your blood tests more often because you have an increased chance of glucose . if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - swelling , redness or difficulty breathing ( 4 syndrome ) - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling , redness , difficulty breathing or swallowing ( e . g . nausea and abdominal pain ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache abdominal pain nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( see above ) nausea abdominal pain nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) nausea , abdominal pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking blitzima and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your the_infusion with or without an infusion . you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), irritation or ulcers in your stomach ( stomach ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , bald_spots_on_the_scalp ( flatulence ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), irritation or ulcers in your stomach ( stomach ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , bald_spots_on_the_scalp ( flatulence ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), irritation or ulcers of the stomach or intestine ( flatulence ), nausea , constipation , sores in the mouth , tiredness and / or heartburn ( gastro - johnson syndrome ). if you experience any of these , or if you notice any of the above symptoms , or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . most of the side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion , but the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or constipation ). - if you experience a tiredness , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate problems with your spleen ( e . g . constipation , indigestion_eating_disorders stools , nausea , constipation ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) - nausea ( constipation ) - nausea or constipation - severe tiredness or tiredness . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the above symptoms , or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately . most of the side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion , but the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . you should then contact your doctor immediately if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea or feeling sick ( nausea ) or sick ( may affect up to mild_to_moderate in mild_to_moderate people ) pain_in_the_stomach may cause a reduction in the number of some liver enzymes in the blood . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems : - fever , chills or other signs of low white blood cell counts ( neutropenia , red and white blood cells and leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia , neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - increased blood levels of liver enzymes - abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin rash , skin rash , hives ( itching ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( sore throat ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - increased blood levels of liver enzymes - abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin rash , skin rash , hives ( itching ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - increased blood levels of liver enzymes - abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin rash , skin rash , hives ( itching ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - increased blood levels of liver enzymes - abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin rash , skin rash , hives ( itching ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - increased blood levels of liver enzymes - abnormal liver function tests - itching - rash - skin rash - skin rash ( hives ) and itching rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( angioedema ). - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_hcs . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your face or throat severe swelling of your lips or throat severe swelling of your lips or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe swelling of the face or throat severe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , shaking , dizziness , dizziness , nausea , nausea , confusion , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . your doctor will tell you what to do if you notice any of these effects . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the extremities , shaking , numbness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blocked nose - sneezing , sore throat - runny nose - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or coughing - runny nose - sneezing , skin rash - itching ( hives ) - muscle pain - muscle pain - pain in limbs - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - hives - skin rash - rash - small red bumps on the skin ( exfoliative dermatitis ) - blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with zyllt '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with zyllt '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( angioedema ). - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking zyllt . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until swelling ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until swelling ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until swelling ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) therapy may also cause a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . therapy may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs or signs below . the doctor may lower your dose , such as tiredness and nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , headache , stomach ache , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in liver enzymes ( enzymes in tests ) in the blood ( enzymes in tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) in the blood ( transaminases ) shown in tests increase in liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these are the signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these are the signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these are the signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these are the signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in your blood tests . these may be seen in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) seizures may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking nespo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away , as if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face with or without difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) seizures may cause severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your dose . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your dose . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious . these side effects may be signs of an allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your dose . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious . these side effects may be signs of an allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious . these side effects may be signs of an allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious . these side effects may be signs of an allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious . these side effects may be signs of an allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious . these side effects may be signs of an allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious . these side effects may be signs of an allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions skin reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus , swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the pain , swelling , oedema , fever and fever ) have been reported . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have : allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor may advise you to stop using cinacalcet_accordpharma . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , indigestion , muscle pain , muscle cramps or muscle pain ( myalgia ), back pain , headache , muscle pain , headache , muscle pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle cramps or weakness_(asthenia) , back pain , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle weakness , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle weakness , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , vomiting , nausea , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle weakness , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( convulsions ), convulsions , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , vomiting , nausea , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , swelling of legs , arms or legs , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle weakness , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , swelling of legs , arms or legs , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , vomiting , nausea , nausea , constipation , constipation ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these serious side effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - wheezing and / or a feeling of faintness . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with jentadueto . - difficulty in breathing - rash - hives ( urticaria ) these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - wheezing and / or a feeling of pressure . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with jentadueto . - serious allergic reactions ( pancreatitis ) may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever or infection . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever or infection . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever or infection . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever or infection . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever or infection . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever or infection . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking avandamet and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : a common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( angioedema ). - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_mylan . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( high temperature ) fever ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired or fever ) low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever ( high temperature ) fever ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) an allergic reaction . the signs may include : difficulty in breathing or wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be a sign of a heart attack or fainting . these may be signs of a heart attack or fainting , which could be a sign of a heart attack or fainting . this could be a sign of a heart attack or fainting , which could be a sign of a heart attack or fainting . this could be a sign of a heart attack or fainting , which could be a sign of a heart attack or fainting . this could be a sign of a heart attack or electrocardiogram , which could be a sign of a heart attack or discomfort in the stomach or bowels , discomfort or discomfort when passing urine these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . the side effects described below have been observed by the use of any_treatment . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 dizziness , paleness , dizziness , diarrhoea , vomiting , sick ( feeling sick ), feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 28 : dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , trembling , impaired taste , trembling , ringing in the ears , changes in heart rate ( electrocardiogram or qt prolongation ) in the mouth ( discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat ), shortness of breath , nasal congestion , sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 headache , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye pain , changes in heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) and a fast heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) which may be a sign of a heart attack or discomfort in the stomach or bowels , discomfort when passing urine these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . the side effects observed in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 - dizziness , paleness , dizziness , diarrhoea , vomiting , being sick ( feeling sick ), feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 - headache , - dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , changes in heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - a heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - a heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - a heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - problems with your heartbeat ( palpitations ) - problems with your heartbeat ( discomfort when passing urine ) - discomfort when passing urine these may be signs of a urinary tract infection the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after any_treatment with other antidiabetic medicines . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - diarrhoea - vomiting ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - blurred vision - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing_in_the_ears - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - problems with your heartbeat ( palpitations ) - problems with your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal discomfort - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - trembling - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes with or without fever and seizures ( fits ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye irritation , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include heartburn and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood pressure , hot flushes , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood pressure , temporary low blood pressure , high blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the heart , sudden cardiac death , feeling of faintness , temporary decreased blood sugar symptoms , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the heart , sudden cardiac death , feeling of faintness , temporary decreased blood sugar symptoms , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . increased blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when sifrol is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with emadine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling tired blurred vision . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) eye irritation , dry eye , eye irritation , eyelid irritation , eyelid irritation , dry eye , increased blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , light - headed , dizzy or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in your mouth or throat , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , an increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section " warnings and precautions "). - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section " warnings and precautions "). - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section " warnings and precautions "). - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : severe rash , which may be accompanied by a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section " warnings and precautions "). - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section " warnings and precautions "). - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section " warnings and precautions "). - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section " warnings and precautions "). - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : severe rash , which may be accompanied by a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( hives , hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the_following_symptoms may cause the following side effects : allergic reactions ( hives , hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 60 if you have symptoms of low blood pressure , stop taking nucala and see your doctor immediately . symptoms of high blood pressure , such as chest pain , cough , fever , high blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue , cough , fever and high blood pressure . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , fever , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to discomfort or stomach pain ( shown in tests ) fever , high temperature , cough , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or discomfort , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or discomfort , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or discomfort , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , cough , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach ache , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , low blood levels of potassium in your blood , cough , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , discomfort , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach ache , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , low blood levels of potassium in your blood , cough , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort in the stomach or discomfort , stomach pain , discomfort , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , low blood pressure , cough , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach ache , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , low blood levels of potassium in your blood , cough , high blood pressure , chest pain , cough , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , low blood pressure , cough , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach ache , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , low blood levels of potassium in your blood , cough , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort in the stomach or discomfort , stomach ache , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , low blood pressure , cough , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach ache , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , low blood levels of potassium in your blood , cough , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort in the stomach or discomfort , stomach ache , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , low blood pressure , cough , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach ache , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , low blood levels of potassium in your blood , cough , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , frequent_urination low blood pressure , cough , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach ache , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , low blood levels of potassium in your blood , cough , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort in the stomach or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased appetite , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal dreams , increased muscle tension , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea , vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal dreams , increased muscle tension , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal dreams , increased muscle tension , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal dreams , increased muscle tension , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal dreams , increased muscle tension , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal dreams , increased muscle tension , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , changes in sexual interest , problems with balance , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal dreams , increased muscle tension , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling of the hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea , vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , changes in sexual interest , problems with balance , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , changes in sexual interest , problems with balance , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , changes in sexual interest , problems with balance , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , changes in sexual interest , problems with balance , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - trouble breathing or breathing - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or wheezing tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these symptoms . these may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , rash , itching , hives , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , nose bleeds , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , itching , rash , itchy rash , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking zerene and see a doctor straight away . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite ; apathy ; restlessness ; depression ; agitation ; irritability ; confusion ; confusion ; confusion ; confusion ; confusion ; confusion ; confusion ; confusion ; confusion ; confusion ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; thinking or aggressive behaviour ; aggressiveness or rages ; delusion ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; delusion ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; aggressiveness or rages ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; excessive sensitivity to light ; numbness of the hands , ankles or feet ; nausea ; nausea ; agitation ; drowsiness ; irritability ; irritability ; dizziness ; restlessness ; restlessness ; restlessness ; difficulty in concentrating ; aggressiveness or rages ; delusion ; delusion ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; sensitivity to light ; hallucinations ; sudden decrease or loss of hearing ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; nausea ; nausea ; agitation ; drowsiness ; irritability ; irritability ; dizziness ; restlessness ; restlessness ; restlessness ; difficulty in concentrating ; aggressiveness or rages ; delusion ; delusion ; depersonalisation ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; sensitivity to light ; hallucinations ; sudden decrease or loss of hearing ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; nausea ; nausea ; agitation ; drowsiness ; irritability ; irritability ; dizziness ; restlessness ; restlessness ; restlessness ; difficulty in concentrating ; aggressiveness or rages ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; sensitivity to light ; hallucinations ; sudden decrease or loss of hearing ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; nausea ; nausea ; agitation ; drowsiness ; irritability ; irritability ; dizziness ; restlessness ; restlessness ; restlessness ; difficulty in concentrating ; aggressiveness or rages ; nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision ; sensitivity to light ;
