like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and increased thirst , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , severe tiredness or dehydration ( urticaria ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) dehydration , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased levels of certain enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased levels of certain enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased levels of certain enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased levels of certain enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting , and tiredness increased levels of your liver enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells , anaemia , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and shortness of breath ( fatigue ). increased levels of certain enzymes in your blood ( called creatinine ). your doctor will explain these to you . side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased levels of certain enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting , and tiredness increased levels of your liver enzymes in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital if you have any of the following liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start to experience a side effect . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zinbryta . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( including death , itchy or itchy eyes , folliculitis , runny nose , sore throat and coughs ), colds , upper respiratory tract infections ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( dry , itchy , itchy , runny nose , sore throat and coughs ), colds , upper respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sore throat ), coughs , dry or dry skin , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), dry eyes , dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), dry eyes , dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), dry eyes , dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), dry eyes , dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), dry eyes , dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), dry eyes , dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), dry eyes , dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), dry eyes , dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), dry eyes , dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), enlarged_lymph_nodes , dry skin , dark coloured urine ( possible signs of liver problems ) such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , liver or liver disorders , liver failure , and hepatitis b reactivation . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( a type of colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( dry , itchy , itchy , runny nose , sore throat and coughs ) colds ( upper respiratory tract infection ) sore throat , runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , bronchitis , colds and colds ) upper respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , runny nose , pharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , or paleness ) blood tests showing diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , upset or dry skin ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , pain in the upper right area of the upper stomach pain , upset stomach or pharyngitis , dry or paleness , blood in the urine , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach or upset stomach , upset or runny nose , sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , upset or dry skin ( erythema ), dry skin , or dark coloured urine ( possible signs of liver problems ) such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of the eyes , dark coloured urine , liver disorders , liver failure , which may be a sign of serious liver problems . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( a type of colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( dry , itchy , itchy , runny nose and sore throat ); coughs ( colds or upper respiratory tract infection ); sore throat , runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ); bronchitis ; urinary tract colds ; upper respiratory tract infection ; sore throat ( pharyngitis ); dry mouth ; sore throat ( pharyngitis ); dry mouth ; upset stomach ( pharyngitis ); dry skin ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset or dry stomach ; upset stomach ; upset or dry stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset stomach ; upset or dry skin ; upset stomach ; upset
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects for which the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very rare with hypoglycaemia . it is important to inform your doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating , anaphylactic shock , itchy rash and rash . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): symptoms of a rash include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ) itchy rash and rash . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea and hypoglycaemia . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( pml ) is a rare but serious side effect that may require urgent medical attention . if they do not lead to coma , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you notice any of the following symptoms : swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , dizziness ( possible signs of anaphylactic reaction ) itchy rash and rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you experience symptoms such as rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver . symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will explain these to you . hypoglycaemia ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you have a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). itchy rash or rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . symptoms may include rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver . symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will explain these to you . hypoglycaemia ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you have a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). itchy rash or rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . symptoms may include rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver . symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver . symptoms of rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver . symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will explain these to you . hypoglycaemia ( increased lactic acid in your blood ) hypoglycaemia ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): acute_coronary_syndrome may cause serious damage to your liver and brain . this is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but other possible side effects not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) feeling dizzy and cold ( belly ) pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) abnormal liver function tests , such
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention if you get any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache - injection site reactions ( feeling sick or being sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain or swelling - swelling or a hard lump where the hand is given into your hand - sick ( feeling sick ) - stomach pain - feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain or swelling - swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - flu - like sick ( feeling sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - dizzy , feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain or pain - redness or swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising or inflammation at the injection site - flu - like illness - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising or inflammation at the injection site - flu - like illness - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection was given - dizzy , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain or pain - redness or swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising or inflammation at the injection site - flu - like illness - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection was given - dizzy , feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain or pain - redness or swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , or bruising where the injection is given - flu - like sick ( feeling sick or being sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - flu - like symptoms - joint pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - pain , joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain , redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising or inflammation at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection was given , such as itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rashes , joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain , redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection was given , such as itching or bruising at the injection site - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising or inflammation at the injection site - flu - like illness - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising or inflammation at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection was given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rashes , joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain , redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection was given , such as itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rashes , joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain , redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection was given , such as itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rashes , joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain , redness , itching or swelling and a hard lump where the injection was given , such as itching or bruising at the injection site - skin rashes - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling and a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as itching , difficulty breathing , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing or stinging . your doctor will tell you how to treat any allergic reactions reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . allergic_reactions ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most important side effects are described below : most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . if your side effects gets severe , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to stop your treatment . the side effects listed below have been observed with afinitor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , reduced number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever ( for example , fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers ). infections , which may make you feel weakness or breathlessness , trouble concentrating , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea and dyspepsia ( loss of appetite ), weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness and nausea . these side effects can be seen after your treatment with afinitor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , reduced number of platelets , bruising , bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ), pale skin ( signs of severe skin reactions ), pale skin , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), nail disorder , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness and nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , reduced number of platelets which may result in excessive bruising or bruising ; thrombocytopenia ( a type of low_level_of_platelets which may include unusual tiredness , weakness , breathlessness , and trouble in sleeping ) dizziness ; tiredness ; increased appetite ; nausea ; dyspepsia ( taste disturbances ); appetite ; dyspepsia ( loss of appetite ); weight loss ; loss of appetite ; inability to sleep ( insomnia ) ; fever ; chills ; feeling weak and tiredness ; low blood levels of liver enzymes ; increased liver enzymes in the blood . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including extreme bruising , bruising , bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ); extreme tiredness , weakness or breathlessness ; increased appetite , dizziness , tiredness ; increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), nail disorder , weight loss , loss of appetite ; pain in arms or legs , fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness ( signs of high levels of sugar in the blood ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): low levels of sodium in the blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness and low blood platelets . liver : liver failure . if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including extreme bruising , bruising , bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ), flu - like symptoms , such as pain , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), nail disorder , weight loss , loss of appetite , uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesias ), fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness ( signs of low levels of white blood cells ). liver disorders . loss of appetite . weakness of arms or legs . fever . chills feeling weak and tiredness . low levels of liver enzymes , which may cause liver damage . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness . low levels of liver enzymes , which may be a sign of liver problems . the following side effects may also occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in blood platelets , which increases risk of infections ( thrombocytopenia ) which may include : - pale skin - weakness , breathlessness and trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - dizziness - tiredness - increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ) - nail pain - weight loss - loss of appetite - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - fever - chills - feeling weak - tiredness ( dyspepsia ) - low blood levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : - a sudden fall in blood pressure , which may make you feel coughing , wheezing , coughing or wheezing , wheezing or throat ulcers ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) - hearing loss ( a common side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - painful and frequent urination that may be signs of a urinary tract infection - sore throat - runny nose - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache - headache - pain in the upper abdomen , back or back - swelling of the limbs - increased pressure in the back of the mouth - increased pressure in the back of the mouth - sudden and severe headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pneumonia ( low blood pressure ) - sore throat - runny nose - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache - headache - pain in the back of the abdomen - itching of the skin - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in your eye ( arthralgia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) - low heart rate ( bradycardia ) rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : - blurred vision - changes in your blood pressure ( fast or irregular heart beat ) - glaucoma ( difficulty in breathing ) - chest pain ( angina ) - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ) - dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions ( serious allergic reaction ) - swelling of the face , throat or tongue - severe itching of the skin with raised bumps of the skin that itch over the whole body . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - allergic reaction ; - hives ; - hives ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; severe itching of the skin and rash ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - severe itching of the skin with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and / or other mucous membranes ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of serious allergic reaction . other side effects most of the following side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face or throat and difficulty breathing . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of serious allergic reaction . other side effects most of the following side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe allergic
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as headaches , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , nausea , vomiting , headaches , tiredness , back pain , joint pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the limbs or joint , joint or joint pain , such as joint pain , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rashes ( including joint pain , joint pain , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration at the site of injection ), fluid retention ( oedema ), nose bleed , decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention ( the_infusion_site ) swelling of the face ( hands and feet ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , pain in extremity ( arms and legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in extremity , arms or legs , bone pain , pain in extremity , arms or legs , blood in urine , bruising or discolouration at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , leg pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , pain in extremity ( arms and legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in extremity , arms or legs , bone pain , pain in extremity , arms or legs , bone pain , muscular pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , pain in arms or legs ( oedema ), blood in urine , bruising or discolouration at the injection site , fluid retention ( signs of low levels of potassium in the blood , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting ) and fainting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , leg pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms and / or legs , fluid retention ( oedema ), nausea / vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face ( hands and feet , joint pain , arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , pain in extremity ( arms and legs , bone pain , arthralgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain ), arthralgia ( bone pain ), myalgia ( bone pain
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . symptoms include : - tiredness - paleness - dizziness - headache - unexplained swelling - if you notice any of the above symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a severe allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swelling_of_the_lips,_mouth,_throat_or_eyes) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - a blood clot in a blood vessel ( embolism ) - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( eosinophils ) - a decrease in the number of paleness in the blood ( symptoms of kidney problems ) - breathlessness tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - tiredness , paleness , dizziness or unexplained swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - difficulty breathing in the mouth or in the mouth - passing water less frequently than usual , - if you notice any of the symptoms or symptoms below , tell your doctor immediately . - a blood clot in the veins in your bladder ( pulmonary embolism ) or in your legs ( pulmonary hypertension ). symptoms can be severe or life - threatening if you notice any of the symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms above , contact your doctor immediately . - a blood clot in the veins especially in your bladder ( pulmonary embolism ) or in your bladder ( pulmonary hypertension ). symptoms can be severe or life - threatening if you notice any of the symptoms above , or if you notice any other side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) involuntary penis feeling in and around the vagina feeling of burning in and around the vagina headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local irritation ( including irritation , irritation , stiffness in the extremities ) ear problems ( including dry eyes and feeling of pain or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ) high level of sugar in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus mellitus , increased sex drive , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , wind , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; high body temperature ; bleeding in the stomach ; lung disorders ; inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the lung to the body ), see section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 1 in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information on the side effects of ciambra may occur . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea diarrhoea_nausea diarrhoea rash skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin_rash diarrhoea rash skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin_rash diarrhoea rash skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of energy inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered or altered movement ( dysgeusia ) swelling of the hands or legs ( oedema peripheral ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , including pain in the joints , and / or eyelids ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . cornea and stevens - johnson syndrome ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . cornea ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . if they happen to you , contact your doctor immediately . if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of face , face or face , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - dizziness - headache - joint swelling - back pain - fever - nausea ( fatigue ) - sudden swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 1 , 000 ) - headache , joint swelling , back tenderness , muscle pain , fever , fatigue ( nausea ), seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as rash , hives , feeling unwell and feeling unwell . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ) - the infusion may be signs of an allergic reaction : - fever , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , wheezing ( sudden drop in blood pressure ) - dizziness , headache , joint swelling , back pain , fever , nausea , fatigue , sudden swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 1 , 000 ) - headache , joint swelling , back pain , muscle pain , fever , fatigue ( nausea ), seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as rash , hives , feeling unwell . - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 7 patients in 100 ): - allergic reaction such as rash , hives , feeling unwell . these symptoms may be an early warning of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 7 patients in 1 , 000 ) - symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of face or face , feeling of tightness in the chest , - dizziness , headache , dizziness and dizziness . the most frequently reported side effect is 7 . the following side effects have been seen in clinical trials in adolescents aged 7 to 7 years . the side effects listed below have occurred with h1n1 as03 - containing medicines . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , joint swelling , back pain , muscle pain , fever , fatigue ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction such as rash , hives , feeling unwell , an allergic reaction . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of such as fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most frequently reported side effect was 7 to 7 days of 7 years . the following side effects have been reported with other diphtheria medicines : - fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most common side effect ( 7 . 5 % to 7 years of age ): the following side effects have also been reported for clinical trials in children aged 7 to 7 years . the side effects listed below have occurred with the use of 7 mg of age . the following symptoms are : fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most frequently reported side effect was 7 to 7 days after 7 . the most common side effect ( affects more than clinical_trials in 100 doses of the vaccine ): headache , joint swelling , back pain , muscle pain , fever , fatigue ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction , rash , hives , feeling unwell . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following symptoms : fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 years of patients ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an infection such as fever , breathing difficulties , difficult or shallow breathing , cough , breathing difficulties , or breathing difficulties , which may be signs of a blood clot in the lung . - difficulty swallowing or breathing , itchy skin or hives ( signs of low levels of blood platelets , which may make you feel persistent_fever or cause bleeding ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - bleeding under the skin - bruising , swelling or bleeding in the area around the skin ( mucous_membranes ) - bruising - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) - liver failure - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - a liver problem which may result in yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), which may be associated with liver function ( see also ' warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - sudden loss of fat from legs , arms and face ( including or loss of consciousness ) - sudden and severe allergic reactions ( e . g . blisters and / or swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , itchy rash or hives ) - low number of white blood cells which can make you more prone to bleeding - bleeding or bruising - small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin ( pancreatitis ) - liver failure - if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pale , painful and sore throat - sore throat - headache - a change in your blood pressure on standing up which may lead to treatment with skin_problems . - skin rash . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : chills or sweating , skin rash these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . skin , mouth , eyes , mouth , genitals , eyes , mouth , genitals , hands , feet or mouth , sometimes with a painful reddening of the skin , with a painful area , with a dark ring around the edge , with peeling skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , peeling , and swelling of the skin , blistering of the skin , eyes or eyes , dark coloured urine , or dark urine , sometimes with a loss of expression on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , with peeling of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , or dark urine , sometimes with a loss of expression on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , with or without loss of consciousness ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ). - sudden life threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , possibly with difficulties in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of serious liver damage which may be fatal , - liver damage , which may be fatal . - any signs of an infection such as : - painful swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or peeling , or peeling of the skin - pancreatitis ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of pale or difficult breathing - sore throat - headache - a change in your blood pressure on standing up which may lead to blood_vessels . - skin rash or blisters . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with remicade . - chills , sweating and skin rash . these reactions may be more likely to happen at the start of treatment . - skin rash , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening skin condition called toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , collapse of the eyes and / or genital areas , which may be a sign of serious liver damage which may be fatal , - liver failure , which may be fatal . - an increase in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 24 common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , joint pain , painful joints , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) abnormal dreams , poor dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea and constipation 24 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): kidney failure , rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): chest pain ( angina pectoris ), low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose and throat irritation ), inflammation of the nose and throat , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , throat irritation , irritation of the throat , nose bleed , inflammation of the mouth , runny nose , inflammation of the mouth , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny nose , inflammation of the nose , runny
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require 4 days . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 4 ' warnings and precautions '). potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by fever accompanied by fever , trouble breathing , swallowing or dizziness , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart failure , vomiting , nausea , feeling sick , fever and infection ( signs of low levels of white blood cells ). infection , which may be accompanied by fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , painful neck , feeling weak or wounds , dental problems , burning on urination or feeling weak or tired , coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness , or a leg and leg pain . signs of a kind of blood infection such as persistent nausea , nausea , feeling sick , fever or infection , signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , painful neck , feeling weak or wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness , or a leg and leg pain . signs of a type of blood problems such as persistent vomiting , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding in your gut . signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding without bleeding ; signs of bleeding such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of infection such as : - fever - feeling weak or tired ; - tingling , numbness , double vision , arm or leg weakness ; - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness ; - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , neck , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness ; - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing ; - painful eyes , feeling weak or wounds ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , - tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reactions , which may include wheezing , breathing difficulties or symptoms such as breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness , breathing difficulties , wheezing or breathing difficulties , or wheezing with symptoms such as irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , angina , or shortness of breath with activity or wheezing . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), symptoms include nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach pain , pain in the arms or legs , breathing difficulties or wheezing , which could be symptoms of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia ( feeling sick ), nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation , flatulence , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , itching_of_the_skin itching , swelling of the skin , fatty lumps or skin feeling hot increase in blood test results for clot ( see section clot ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation , itching_of_the_skin itching , swelling of the face or tongue feeling hot or pain in the arms or legs feeling hot pain in the arms or legs feeling hot increase in the amount of sugar in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face or skin feeling hot or pain in the arms or legs feeling hot pain in the arms or legs feeling hot increase in the amount of sugar in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the body feeling hot or pain at the infusion site , feeling hot increase in blood pressure ( clot or decrease of certain white blood cells ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face or skin feeling hot or pain in the arms or legs feeling hot pain in the arms and / or legs ( a low level of sugar in your blood ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the body feeling hot or pain at the infusion site , feeling hot increase in blood pressure ( clot or decrease of certain white blood cells ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the body feeling hot or pain at the infusion site , feeling hot increase in blood pressure ( clot ) in your blood ( clot in your blood test ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face or skin feeling hot or pain in the arms or legs feeling hot pain in the arms and / or legs ( a low level of sugar in your blood ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , chest pain , shortness of breath , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - heart attack - chest pain , shortness of breath or chest pain - see a doctor immediately . - if you get symptoms such as shortness of breath , chest pain or fever , flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of allergic reactions such as blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - heart problems ( shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of heart problems ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of skin reactions such as blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - heart problems ( shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of heart problems ) - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - severe skin reactions ( e . g . blisters and peeling of the top layer of the body ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : - skin rash , blisters or peeling of the outer layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). you should tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : skin_rash or peeling of the body , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired or weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - feeling tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling or blisters on the body - allergic reactions - heart failure - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the face and / or throat - blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of skin reactions such as blisters and peeling of the face - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss - decreased appetite - tired or shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling , blisters or peeling of the outer layer of the body ( see section " warnings and precautions ") - heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of skin reactions such as blisters and peeling of the face - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired or weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - feeling tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling , blisters or peeling of the outer layer of the skin ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - heart attack - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of skin reactions such as blisters and peeling of the face - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 patients ): pain , including pain when passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , including pain in the limbs , altered vision . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 patients ): rash , pain , inability to remain still , altered sense of taste , pain , rash , pain in passing urine , decreased blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): cancer of the central venous baby in the womb . the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of aprovel are : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions . the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies with cancer : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with cancer were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , inability to concentrate , inability to urinate , pain , rash , pain in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions . the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies with cancer : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with cancer were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , pain in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , pain in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , pain in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , pain in passing urine , damage to light . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , inability to urinate , altered sense of taste , pain , rash , pain in passing urine , decreased blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): cancer of the central venous baby in the womb . the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies with cancer : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with cancer were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , pain in passing urine , decreased blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions . the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies with cancer : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with cancer were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , drowsiness , difficult or irregular heartbeat , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tooth disorder ( fatigue ), back pain , frequent urination , nightmare , memory impairment , nervousness , irritability , nervousness , feeling jittery , increase in sexual drive , nightmare , memory impairment , tremor , memory impairment , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tremor , impaired vision or skin redness , dry skin , itching , pain in extremity , hair loss , muscle spasms , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of taste , loss of taste , fatigue . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell , nervousness , irritability , nervousness , feeling jittery , lack of interest , nightmare , memory impairment , tremor , memory impairment , tremor , problems with eyesight , drowsiness , ringing in the ears , changes in heart rhythm , nose bleeds , cough , shortness of breath or asthma , inflammation of lung , diarrhoea , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , itching , pain in extremity , hair loss , muscle spasms , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of pain . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , blocked or blocked nose , abnormal sensation in the eye , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , itching , itchy skin , hair loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the following side effects have been reported with forxiga : low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar may occur if you : experience shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when you use taking this medicine , but are more likely if you have low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when this medicine is used with a sulphonylurea or other diabetes medicines : common : low blood sugar , shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( thrush ) ( e . g . irritation or itching , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) back pain passing more water ( urine ) than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the level of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) dizziness uncommon ( may affect up to rash_uncommon_thirst_constipation in 100 people ) high blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have a cough , thrush or other signs of infection such as irritation or itching in the genital area ( e . g . irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) back pain passing more water ( urine ) than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment dizziness rash uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , throat pain , stomach discomfort , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( itching ), dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of fatigue ), chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of fatigue ), chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , sinus_congestion , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , sinus_congestion , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , ear congestion , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , o swelling of the throat , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of fatigue ) - chest discomfort , pain , swelling and redness , reactions at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , o rapid breathing , o swelling of the throat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - flushing - skin rash - blocked or blocked discomfort - discomfort or discomfort in the centre of the mouth and tongue - dry mouth - acne - skin rash , skin pain , discomfort or swelling of the palms of the face - acne - skin rash , skin pain , acne - skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin pain , acne , skin_redness skin skin , acne , acne - skin redness , skin pain , acne , skin_redness skin skin , acne , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin pain , acne , skin_redness skin skin , acne ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects tell your doctor 65 or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital if you have any of the following : 65 or 65 , fever , chills , shivering , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest pain these may be signs of an allergic reaction . a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , blood in the stool ( faeces ) or blood in your stool ( faeces ) or blood in your urine ; bleeding from the vagina or under the skin , bleeding from the vagina , arms , groin or jaw , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , or pain in the right side of your stomach area , or abdominal pain , fever , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , blood in the stool ( faeces ), dark urine or faeces ( signs of kidney problems ). bleeding from the brain or under the skin , bleeding from the vagina , nose , vagina and jaw , sometimes with lesions_in_the_gums healing , swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth or jaw , which may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , shivering , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , blood in the stool ( faeces ) or blood in your stool ( faeces ) or blood in your urine . bleeding from the vagina or under the skin , bleeding from the vagina , nose , jaw or jaw , lesions_in_the_gums , or other signs may be signs of an allergic reaction . difficulty breathing with chest pain which may be signs of an allergic reaction . a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , blood in the stool ( faeces ) or blood in your stool ( faeces ) or blood in your urine , bleeding from the vagina , arms , legs , or groin . symptoms of abdominal pain , fever , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , blood in the stool ( faeces ) or blood in your stool ( faeces ) or blood in your urine , bleeding from the vagina , arms , legs , or groin , or pain in the right side of your stomach area , or abdominal pain , fever , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , blood in the stool ( faeces ) or blood in your urine ( faeces ) or blood in your urine , bleeding from the vagina or under the skin , bleeding from the vagina , bleeding from the vagina with a cut , pain in the right side of your stomach area , fever , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , blood in the stool ( faeces ) or blood in the urine ( faeces ), blood in your urine , bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , lesions_in_the_gums bleeding from the vagina with lesions_in_the_gums - injury or damage to the nerves of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by pain , fever , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , blood in the stool ( faeces ) or blood in your stool ( faeces ) or blood in your urine , bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding , pain in the right side of the abdomen , pain in the right side of your stomach area , or pain in the right side of your stomach , arms , legs , or groin . symptoms of abdominal pain , fever , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , blood in the stool ( faeces ) or blood in your stool ( faeces ) or blood in your urine , bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or lesions_in_the_gums injury , pain in the pelvis , or loosening of pain in the jaw , or loosening of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - symptoms of difficulty breathing , breathlessness , visual disturbances , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , excessive sweating , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , or easy and dark - coloured urine - a condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , excessive sweating , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , or easy and decreased appetite . these may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , excessive sweating , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , or easy and decreased appetite . this condition may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skin . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be a sign of an infection with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , confusion , disorientation , or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be caused by a condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , extreme weakness , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , easy or decreased appetite and a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , excessive sweating , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , easy or decreased , and a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be a sign of an infection with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , confusion , disorientation , or loss of consciousness . these symptoms can be caused by a condition called " sepsis " ( pres ). - if you experience fever , chills , excessive sweating , visual disturbances , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called " posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skin . - fever , chills , extreme tiredness , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , easy or decreased , and a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , excessive sweating , dark urine , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain and breathlessness , chills , nausea , vomiting , or easy pulse ( signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience new or worsening of the following symptoms : fever , chills , excessive sweating , dark urine , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain and breathlessness , chills , nausea , vomiting , or easy pulse . this may be a sign of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with fever and difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , and decreased levels of consciousness which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , excessive sweating , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , easy or decreased , and a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , including hives and rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking sitagliptin have experienced the following side effects after adding sitagliptin to metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , diarrhoea 64 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , flatulence 64 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stomach pain , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , leakage of milk in the leg , metformin or metformin , itching , rash , feeling of warmth in the hands or leg , dizziness , drowsiness , muscle pain , joint pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than cold_sweat in 10 people ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar level falls too low , you may pass out ( become too signs of low blood sugar ) such as : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , sweating , nausea , feeling sick , feeling very hungry , a high temperature , and a general feeling of being unwell . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar level and what to do if you notice any changes in your blood sugar levels . a low white blood cell count can be associated with a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you get low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of giotrif alone are : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a fever , fever and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with fever and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience painful red or purplish itching that spreads and fever and / or fever ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - swelling or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may indicate a severe , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction , e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , fever , itching , blistering of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). widespread swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - fever and itching all over the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be fatal , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be severe and could be life - threatening ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever and / or itching on the skin / blisters . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe infection of the lung ( pneumonia ), - severe stomach pain , severe diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , fever , pain , redness , swelling , itching or fever - respiratory tract infections - a general feeling of being unwell , fever , nose swelling , and blistering of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever due to fluid retention , low white blood cell count ( can make you more prone to pain , redness , swelling , peeling or fever ) - respiratory tract infections - a general feeling of being unwell , fever , enlarged lymph nodes , swelling of the face and throat , - peeling of the skin , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever , itching all over the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your inflammation_of_the_lungs ( pancreatitis ) - if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , stomach cramps , nausea and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a liver problem . liver problems such as yellowing of the liver and liver , which may indicate liver disease . liver problems such as rash and side effects with ivacaftor may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of appetite , nausea , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , upper stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in the blood , increased liver enzymes in blood tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning ( ear ear disorder ), ringing in the ears ( ear pain ), blood in the urine , changes in liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in blood tests , rash , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning ( ear ear disorder ), ringing in the ears , liver_injury ear disorder , presence of blood in the urine , increase in blood creatinine levels ( shown in blood tests ), rash , raised levels of liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear disturbances ), ear changes , ear discomfort , increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), rash , raised levels of liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) : dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear disturbances ), ear changes , ear discomfort , decrease in the number of blood platelets in the blood , changes in blood test results , which may cause rash , raised levels of liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in the blood . rash , raised levels of liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear disturbances ). ear abnormalities . breast_mass may cause changes in the way things taste . kidney problems ( e . g . high levels of potassium in the blood ). blood tests may show increased levels of liver enzymes . rash , raised levels of enzymes produced by the liver . increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear disturbances ). ear abnormalities . breast_mass may cause changes in the way things taste . your doctor may want to measure the blood levels of potassium in your blood . blood tests may show increased levels of liver enzymes . rash , raised levels of liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear disturbances ). ear abnormalities decrease in heart rate , decrease of blood pressure , decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( shown in blood test ). blood test results showing ' creatinine ' and ' detected by blood tests . tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following : rash , spinning or ear problems , as well as inside your ear , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) changes in blood tests . rash , raised levels of liver enzymes , increased levels of liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning , ear ear changes , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , increase in blood creatinine levels . changes in blood test results that may show changes in the way the liver is working . high blood levels of uric acid in the blood . low level of blood platelets ( seen in blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear disturbances ). ear abnormalities decrease in the colour of the ear , kidney failure , blood in the urine . changes in blood test results that may show changes in the way the liver is working . high
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swollen face , feeling very thirsty - feeling very sleepy or swallowing - feeling very tired - nausea or diarrhoea - loss of appetite - these may be signs of a possible signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired or short of breath , fast heart beat and dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness with symptoms such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and feeling weak . your doctor will tell you how to treat what you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - sore throat or fast heart beat - feeling your heart beating fast , and uneven heart beat . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any symptoms of infection such as : - fever - infection ( neutropenia ) - feeling weak or short of breath - fast heart beat - feeling short of breath . tell your doctor if you get any symptoms of infection such as : fever - infection ( neutropenia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - flu - like symptoms such as : - painful throat or feeling very thirsty - feeling very tired or having pale mouth - fast heart beat - feeling short of breath or treatment with symptoms such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : - fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , or breathing problems , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , and sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , itching , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , and sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , itching , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , and sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , itching , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , and sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , itching or itching . these symptoms might be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , itching , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , and sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , low blood pressure , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , itching or itching . these symptoms might be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , itching or itching . these symptoms might be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering and itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction with breathlessness , chest pain , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or tongue . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions usually disappear within 1 - 3 days without treatment . if they do not disappear , see your doctor immediately . see also section 2 . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - severe allergic reactions : - difficulty in breathing - chest pain or swelling_of_the_face swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or if you have a temperature of an allergic reaction ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - reactions at the injection site ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling , and pain ) at the injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild and occur within a few days to a few weeks . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions : - difficulty in breathing - chest pain - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or if you have a temperature of an allergic reaction ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - reactions at the injection site ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling , and pain ) at the injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild and occur within a few days to a few weeks . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions : - difficulty in breathing - chest pain - swelling of the face and / or throat . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . - if you have an allergic reaction , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ovaleap . - blood clotting complications ( ohss ) which may cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). - blood clotting problems ( including ohss ) - chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( 2 ) ( see section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). - thromboembolic events ( ohss ). - chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). - blood clotting problems ( see section 2 ). - if you have ohss , chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). - if you have ohss , chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). - if you have ohss , chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). - if you have ohss , chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). - swelling other side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . - if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 2 hours . rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions : - difficulty in breathing - chest pain - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - low blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) - pain or inflammation in the back of the mouth ( jaundice ) - a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which may make you feel confusion or hallucinations - fever , chills , sleep disturbances , abnormal muscle sensations or coordination - sleepiness , headache , dizziness , - dizziness , breathing difficulties , very fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , and breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a blood clot in the lung . - chest pain , low blood pressure , breathing difficulties , or painful_blisters , fever - severe swelling of the skin and / or mucous membranes , which may be fatal , - liver damage , and serious liver damage ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious side effects , including : - low blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) - pain or swelling in your limbs , particularly around the mouth , mouth , tongue and / or mouth and / or a different odour to your urine or confusion . - hallucinations , fever or chills , - uncontrolled shaking of the skin , - abnormal muscle sensations , - changes in muscle tone , sleepiness , headache , dizziness , - dizziness , breathing difficulties , very fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , and breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a blood clot in the lung . - chest pain , low blood pressure , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , fever or other signs of severe_skin_reaction - severe allergic reactions , which may be life threatening . - liver problems ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - serious allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction . - life - threatening allergic reaction that can lead to loss of blood vessels , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - abnormality of the optic nerve to the brain , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the lung . - allergic reactions such as a change in the colour of the skin to sun . - if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other side effects include : - change in the colour of your nails , which may be a sign of allergic reactions , or life - threatening allergic reactions , such as a change in the colour of the skin , including small red bumps on the skin that is covered with itchy bumps , itchy skin , red spots on the skin , itchy bumps on the skin that is covered with small bumps - small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small bumps - small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small bumps - small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small bumps - small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps - cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , often with a red rash or red spots on the skin ) - red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin - red or purple spots on the skin , sometimes with a red rash or red bumps on the skin that appears as small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps - small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , often with a rash ) - red spots on the skin , sometimes with a rash , red spots on the skin or a new area , red spots on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , lumps on the skin or other layers of the skin ) - if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 1000 people ): - skin cancer at the site of the skin ( cellulitis ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) - confusion - hallucinations - fever - chills - uncontrolled movements of the skin ( pins and needles ) - changes
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 7 mg / ml ( injection site reactions ) which will usually occur within 7 hours after the injection . this is more likely to happen in approximately 7 to 7 days after the injection . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and pain where the injection is given itching , pain where the injection was given itching , muscle pain and feeling very tired common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) warmth , itching where the injection is given pain , swelling and warmth where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): difficulty breathing , difficulty swallowing , itching , itching swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . severe allergic reactions ( frequency not known ) if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see a doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , sore throat and mouth ulcers , or a hoarse voice , high level of cholesterol in your blood , or increased levels of creatinine in your blood high level of creatinine in your blood high level of creatinine in your blood , or low level of potassium in your blood headache , feeling dizzy or feeling weak feeling weak , sore throat , changes in taste swollen legs or feet arthritis , arthritis or unusual vaginal infections , such as a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as fever , shivering , feeling drowsy , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers and mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) changes in blood test results such as gamma gt or creatinine , or high level of creatinine in your blood ( which may result in increased tendency to bleed ) swollen ankles , ankles and feet ( peripheral oedema ) feeling dizzy or feeling weak feeling thirsty , sore throat , changes in taste or loss of taste , arthritis swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat difficulty breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - this may be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your circulatory and needs urgent medical attention . - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of severe allergic reaction ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling of weakness , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers , - pain in the muscles or muscles , - increase of cholesterol or urea in your blood , or changes in blood test results ( e . g . high potassium , uric acid and calcium levels and low calcium levels in the blood ). - decreased level of " leukocytes " a type of white blood cell ( your_blood_fluid ) which may make your skin pale and cause weakness or pain in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of blood clots in the veins in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) - this may lead to stroke - stroke due to blockage of blood vessels in your lungs , which causes a serious condition called thrombotic microangiopathy ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - stroke or brain inflammation ( pneumonia ) - heart rhythm problems ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests . the signs may include : abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of liver problems . the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , or other vision problems . liver problems that may show up in blood tests is : a decrease in the number of liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; drop in blood pressure ; breathlessness ; blurred vision and a disturbed taste . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver . serious side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . allergic reaction the signs may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; drop in blood pressure ; breathlessness ; blurred vision and a disturbed taste . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver . serious side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . allergic reaction the signs may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; drop in blood pressure ; breathlessness ; blurred vision and a disturbed taste . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver . serious side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; drop in blood pressure ; breathlessness ; blurred vision and a disturbed taste . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver and needs urgent medical attention . liver problems ( shown in blood tests ) and increased liver enzymes in blood tests . the signs may include : abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of liver problems . the signs may include : abnormal blood tests for liver function ( uncommon ). the signs of liver problems may include : abnormal liver function tests ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; drop in blood pressure ; breathlessness ; blurred vision and a disturbed taste . these may be signs of a heart problem called myocardial infarction have been reported . it is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). slow heart rate ( signs of heart problems ). breathlessness , blurred vision and other organs ( macular oedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure in the blood that may cause changes in liver function tests , blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) increased levels of liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) breathlessness blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). the following side effects have been reported in blood tests . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , high blood levels of bilirubin , which may cause increases in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : wheezing or fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore or painful palms of the throat and throat ( see also above this side effect is common ). blurred vision 37 if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . blurred vision 37 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth , throat or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) flu - like symptoms , such as mouth or throat infection ( herpes zoster ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) vaginal bleeding ( including joint pain and constipation ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat fractures ( fractures ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects 37 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , including anaphylaxis ( swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a severe allergic reaction called anaphylaxis ) you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , anaphylaxis ), flu - like symptoms , blisters of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with or without a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : itching , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with or without difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , severe allergic reaction that may cause itching , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing ) you may be having a serious allergic reaction to treatment ( such as anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing ), which may be severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ). tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as reddish - target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , with or without difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - skin infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given - low blood pressure - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin infection flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin infection flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin infection flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin infection flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin infection - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following pain_in_limb , in rare cases ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) and may be signs of allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ), which may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face and throat - inflammation of the pancreas which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - serious skin reactions including intense skin rash , rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain , fever and loss of consciousness . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with pregabalin_pfizer . stop taking pregabalin_pfizer and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness and constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness and constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness . - constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . - common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and sleepiness . - constipation . common ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : you must stop taking this_medicine and tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : levodopa can be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be life threatening and needs medical attention . you must tell your doctor if you have a seizure , hallucinations , memory impairment or confusion , disorientation , mood swings , unusual taste , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , changes in behaviour , such as weakness or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . tell your doctor if you have ear pain , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle pain , or pain and / or collapse . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . tell your doctor if you have ear pain , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle muscle_stiffness and weakness or collapse . these can be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during xadago treatment ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in your urine - low blood pressure - 31 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased appetite - flu - like illness - skin condition such as jaundice , hallucinations , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . tell your doctor if you have any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during xadago treatment ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood clotting problems , high blood sugar 31 - 31 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased appetite - flu - like illness - skin condition such as jaundice , hallucinations , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion ( signs of problems with your nerves such as
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking zytiga : - serious allergic ( hypersensitive ) reactions ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking prednisolone and tell a doctor or go to a hospital immediately , as you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or breathing - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - rash . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe infections ( including sepsis and sepsis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - skin rash , difficulty swallowing or breathing , or an itchy rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome and / or toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - rash reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or signs of liver problems : - heart problems including shock , chest pain , swallowing , shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or tired ( signs of bowel problems ) - severe headache , fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , arm or leg weakness or a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( heart_burn ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - difficulty in passing urine ( urinating ) - dry skin - itching - itchy skin - bruising ( pruritus ) - finger_nails - increased sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding - paleness side effects with adalimumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( belching ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal dreams - difficulty in passing urine - dry skin - itching ( pruritus ) - itching - itchy skin - bruising ( pruritus ) - increased sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding ; - paleness side effects with adalimumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( belching ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal dreams - difficulty in passing urine - dry skin - itching ( pruritus ) - itching - itchy rash ( bruising ) - increased sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding ; - paleness side effects with adalimumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( belching ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal dreams - difficulty in passing urine - dry skin - itching ( pruritus ) - itching - itchy skin - bruising ( pruritus ) - increased sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding ; - paleness side effects with adalimumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( belching ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal dreams - difficulty in passing urine - dry skin - itching ( pruritus ) - itching - itchy skin - bruising ( pruritus ) - increased sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction to the infusion , which can be continued if by your doctor . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions start within 24 hours after the infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if you experience fever . signs of infection such as fever , chills , sore throat or throat_discomfort voice alteration , itchy or runny nose , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation , increased sweating , increased sweating ( potential signs of generalised infection , irritation of the mouth , tongue or throat , mucosal inflammation , constipation , runny nose , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or discomfort in the stomach and bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), increased sweating ( potential sign of generalised infection ) in limbs , limbs or back , joint or neck , neck , neck , neck , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills , severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the eyelids , vomiting , vomit , vomit , nausea , feeling sick ( stomatitis ) or being sick ( stomatitis ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your chest ( very common ). hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . if you experience 38 signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives since the consequences could become serious . this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). dizziness feeling weak or weak , especially when you stand up fainting ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). this could be a sign of low level of calcium in the blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose and / or throat irritation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea dry mouth difficulties in getting or keeping an erection faster heart rate allergic reaction affecting the skin like rash , itching , hives and rash caused by a medicine abnormal results of liver function tests low blood pressure rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast or irregular heart beats ( called palpitations ) fainting / loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other allergic reactions with swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . difficulty in swallowing , dizziness , fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , urinary tract infections , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , anaphylactic reaction [ thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , anaphylactic shock ), difficulty in breathing , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort of the stomach , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness_of_the_chest , symptoms of tightness of the chest , chills , dizziness and low blood pressure ) during the first few weeks after treatment with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . if you experience symptoms such as dizziness , low blood pressure , wheezing , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling . this is more likely to occur in children . if any of these symptoms occur , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . certain laboratory tests may also show : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . symptoms may include : dizziness , low blood pressure , wheezing , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling . this is more likely to occur in children . if any of these side effects persist or are troublesome , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ) - uncontrolled bleeding - confusion - seizures ( convulsions ) - fever - chills - severe shivering that does not go away ; - severe fever ; - nausea and vomiting ; - difficulty in swallowing ; - abdominal pain ; - fever ; - abnormal liver function tests ; - itching , rash , skin_swelling , red spots on the skin or mucous membranes ; - swelling of the hands , soles of the feet ; - swelling of the hands , soles of your feet ; - sudden loss of consciousness ; - fever or shivering ; - shivering ; - abnormal liver function tests . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ; - a slight decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell called neutrophils ; in your blood , but you will have to have regular blood tests before and during treatment with temomedac . - damage to the liver . symptoms may include abdominal pain , fever , and reduced resistance to reduced_resistance_to_infections . - serious skin reactions ( including symptoms such as abdominal pain , fever , and reduced resistance to liver function ), which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , swelling_of_the_face swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure and fainting , dizziness and feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , stomach ache , reflux of eye , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , faster heartbeat , and low blood pressure , low blood pressure , and low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , reflux of stomach juices , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , faster heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux of reflux of the nails , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , faster or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux of reflux of the nails , blurred vision , eye rashes , rashes , red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most frequent side effect is hypoglycaemia which may be a sign of a sudden drop in blood pressure and shock ( anaphylactic shock ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , swelling of the face , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , and sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - rash - itchy skin other side effects which are not mentioned above are listed below . - increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances or visual disturbances - coma ( feeling dizzy ) - inflammation of the pancreas - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin - rash - itchy skin other side effects which are not mentioned above are listed below . if you experience any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away : - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - itchy rash - rash - itchy skin other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity reactions , such as severe rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver tests results on liver function - hypersensitivity - itchy rash - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver tests results on liver function - hypersensitivity - itchy rash - rash - itchy skin other side effects include increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions - such as : - rash - itchy skin - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - coma - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin - rash - itchy skin other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions or anaphylactic shock ) - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - coma ( feeling dizzy ) - inflammation of the pancreas - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions - itchy rash - rash - itchy skin - abnormal blood tests for liver function - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin other side effects which are not mentioned above are listed below . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms , or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): - if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - this may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . other side effects most of the following side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - itchy skin other side effects that may show : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - itchy rash - rash - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - coma ( feeling dizzy ) - inflammation of the pancreas - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin - rash - itchy skin other side effects which are not mentioned above are listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( anaemia ) which may be a sign of an infection or low levels of white blood cells , chest pain , shortness of breath or pale , shaking , anxiety , confusion , dizziness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid pulse , rapid heartbeat , rapid pulse , fever , chills or shivering . these may be signs of a serious condition called pneumonia , or septic shock . if you notice a skin swelling or swelling , swelling or a hard lump . this is uncommon . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : swelling or swelling at the site of your tissue . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a blood clot : pain or swelling in your legs or arms during treatment . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : pain or swelling in your legs or ankles , which may be signs of a blood clot , pain or swelling in your legs or arms . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of blood disorders : pain or swelling in your legs or arms , which may be signs of a blood clot , pain or swelling in your legs or arms . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of blood disorders : pain or swelling in your legs or arms , which may be signs of a blood clot , pain or swelling in your legs or arms . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of blood problems such as : pain or swelling in your legs or arms , abdominal pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ) loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , and joint pain , such as leg and nose pain , pain in the upper right side of your nose , abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , joint swelling , neck pain , pain in the upper right side of the nose , abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , joint swelling , joint swelling , neck pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal dreams loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , joint swelling , joint swelling , neck pain , neck pain , constipation , indigestion , being unable to loss of appetite , loss of appetite muscle spasms , joint and joint pain , joint pain , joint swelling , muscle spasms , joint swelling , joint swelling , neck pain , neck pain , pain in the upper right side of the nose , abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal dreams loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint swelling , neck pain , pain in the upper right side of the nose , abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal dreams loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint swelling , neck pain , pain in the upper right side of the nose , abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal dreams loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint swelling , neck pain , pain in the upper right side of the nose , abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal dreams loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , joint swelling , muscle spasms , joint pain , neck pain , pain in the upper right side of the nose , abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal dreams loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , joint swelling , muscle spasms , joint pain , neck pain , pain in the upper right side of the nose , abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal dreams loss of appetite muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms , joint pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ( low blood pressure ) runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , loss of muscle strength , muscle twitching . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain ( palpitations ), decreased heart rate , slow heart rate , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , nose bleed , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , abnormal liver function , skin inflammation , itching , generalised sensitivity to light , difficulty in passing urine , inability to urinate during the night , loss of taste , memory loss , changes in heart rate or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal_dryness , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal_dryness , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart or slower heartbeat , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart or slower heartbeat , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation and abnormal heart rhythm ( palpitations ), low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your some_blood_tests . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : fever or chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , bleeding , pain or discomfort in the upper right side of the skin . the rash is usually mild to moderate . a skin rash might also be a symptom of a rare severe situation . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed nose , rhinorrhoea ) or diarrhoea ( constipation ), upset stomach , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , dry skin , dry skin , excessive sweating , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle tension ( sign of kidney problems ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like syndrome , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ) , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) back pain , increased muscle enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ), inflammation_of_the_sinuses , cough , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( see dermatitis ) joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ) and muscle pain . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people flu and upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ), cough , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( see dermatitis ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) back pain , increased muscle production ( sign of kidney problems ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like illness , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ), cough , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( see dermatitis ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) back pain , increased muscle enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like illness , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ), inflammation_of_the_sinuses , cough , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( see dermatitis ), joint pain ( arthralgia ) - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain , increased muscle production ( sign of kidney problems ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like illness , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ), inflammation_of_the_sinuses , cough , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( see dermatitis ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain , - increase in muscle tension . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infection of the lung ( upper respiratory tract infection ), - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), cough , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin - rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), increase in blood pressure ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain , - increase in muscle tension . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - flu - like illness - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - cough -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd with or without wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , fainting and / or fainting . these may be signs of a so - called neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your doctor will tell you what to do if you experience any of the following signs of a blood clot : cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , fainting and / or fainting . these could be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). it can be a sign of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . if you experience cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , fainting , decreased level of consciousness , feeling sleepy or confusion , changes in mental status or faintness . muscle stiffness and increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye . increased blood pressure . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , feeling_restless , fainting , fainting , fainting , decreased sense of smell , feeling sleepy or confusion , changes in mental status . faintness or difficulty in sleeping . increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye . increased blood pressure . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , asthma , faintness , fainting , decreased sense of smell muscle stiffness , feeling sleepy , confusion , lack of energy . faintness or muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure , changes in eye colour . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye . increased blood pressure . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , asthma , faintness , fainting , decreased sense of smell muscle stiffness , feeling sleepy , confusion , lack of energy . faintness or muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure , changes in eye colour . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye . increased blood pressure . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , asthma , faintness , fainting , decreased sense of smell muscle stiffness , feeling sleepy , confusion , lack of energy . faintness or muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure , changes in eye colour . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye . increased blood pressure . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , asthma , faintness , fainting , decreased sense of smell muscle stiffness , feeling sleepy , confusion , lack of energy . faintness or muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure , changes in eye colour . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye . increased blood pressure . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , fainting , shortness of breath , feeling weak , confusion , decreased consciousness , faintness or lack of consciousness , faintness . muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure , changes in eye colour . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye . increased blood pressure . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , fainting , shortness of breath , feeling weak , confusion , decreased consciousness , faintness or lack of consciousness , faintness or paralysis , muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure , changes in eye colour . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye . increased pressure . asthma , shortness of breath ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( anaemia ) which may be a sign of an infection or low levels of white blood cells , chest pain , shortness of breath or pale , nosebleeds , or coughing up of blood , runny or blocked nose , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or gut , being short of breath , high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) cough , nose bleeds ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint aches , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( such as pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint aches , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , pain , swelling and / or swelling of the hands and feet ( haematoma ), itching , muscle aches , joint aches , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , pain , swelling , and a hard lump ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint aches , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , pain , swelling , and a hard lump ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint aches , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , pain , swelling , and a hard lump ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , pain , swelling , and a hard lump ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( such as pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and joint pain , joint swelling , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , pain , swelling , and a hard lump ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle cramp , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle cramp , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle cramp , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle cramp , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) and muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth diarrhoea diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain abnormal liver function 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) abdominal pain difficulty in passing stools stomach pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the mouth and lips stomach pain joint pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and mouth inflammation of the mouth difficulty sleeping stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the mouth and lips stomach pain difficulty in swallowing stomach pain joint pain abnormal liver function 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the mouth and lips stomach pain difficulty in swallowing stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping muscle pain joint pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms and legs stomach pain difficulty sleeping stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping ( abdominal pain ) joint pain abnormal dreams joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms and legs stomach pain , feeling sick stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the mouth and lips stomach pain , joint pain joint pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms and legs stomach pain , feeling sick stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the mouth and lips stomach pain , joint pain joint pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms and legs stomach pain , feeling sick stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , paralysis of the chest inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , problems swallowing , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness , paralysis of the chest , enlargement of the sense of taste joint pain , joint pain 34 - dizziness 34 - palpitations ( abnormal or irregular heartbeat ) joint pain , joint pain , abdominal pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs ( pelvic pain ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs loss of appetite stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , migraine 34 dizziness , palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain , abdominal pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs alteration in sense of taste joint pain , ear pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness , paralysis of the airways , enlargement of the sense of taste , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestines , problems with digestion chest pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 34 dizziness , paralysis of the chest , enlargement of the sense of taste , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 - dizziness 34 - palpitations ( low blood pressure ) joint pain , joint pain , abdominal pain 34 common ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of weakness or weakness , or tenderness of the eye , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lung ). - if you experience flu - like symptoms , followed by chills , chills and fatigue , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the veins around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , chills , fatigue , and swelling in the legs . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel feel unwell or feel unwell . this could be a sign of an allergic reaction . this may affect up to 1 in 10 people . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you have any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction you should contact your doctor immediately . if you feel tired or feel unwell , your doctor may tell you to stop using varuby . if you experience feeling tired or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): abnormal sensations such as tenderness , tenderness or weakness feeling dizzy , headache , nausea , stomach upset , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , stomach upset , nausea 29 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people abnormal hair texture ( e . g . dry skin , acne , skin rash , hair loss , acne , back pain , muscle aches , feeling tired , back pain , fever , feeling tired , lack of energy , decreased appetite , trouble sleeping , sensation of spinning ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , blurred vision , dry mouth , acid reflux , swollen stomach , heartburn , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , constipation , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , acid reflux , decreased appetite , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat skin rash , itching or hives ( allergic reaction ) other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sore throat runny nose difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat pain when passing urine ( thrush ) a feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) headache fast heart beat cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ), pain in joints , back pain , muscle pain , fever , bone pain , bone pain , fever , muscle pain , bone pain , pain in arms or legs , itching , rash , muscle aches , back pain , pain in limbs , muscle cramps or pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ), candidiasis , dry mouth , high or low blood pressure , skin rash , difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ), inflammation of the veins ( cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : suicidal thoughts , low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), allergy , allergy ( pain and inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin or swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache feeling tired feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea wind ( flatulence ) feeling tired lack of energy ( fatigue ) changes in levels of liver enzymes in your blood common : may affect up to in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , anxiety , abnormal dreams difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness , headache cough , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ) rash , wind ( flatulence ) feeling tired high blood levels of triglycerides ( liver enzymes ) seen in blood tests 45 45 45 irritability , anxiety , depression , suicidal thoughts , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . pain , pain and fractures ) changes in blood test results such as an increased tendency to bleed , pain and fractures , increase in blood pressure , difficulty in sleeping , inflammation of the pancreas , dizziness , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment and nightmares , changes in mental status , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment and nightmares , changes in mental status , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor mood , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , changes in mood , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor mood , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor mood , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor mood , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor mood , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , poor sense of taste , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , balance disorder , abnormal thinking , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling dizzy feeling sleepy feeling very tired ( sleepy , feeling or being sick ) feeling very tired ( sleepy , feeling or being sick ) fast muscle pain , tingling or eyes dry mouth change of the sense of taste tingling or numbness of the eyes abnormal muscle sensations , such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or the_mouth flushing dry mouth , dry mouth vertigo , dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension ( signs of muscle problems ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , which may be a sign of tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ringing in the ears , vertigo feeling dizzy , sleepy or very tired , or feeling sleepy when standing up , dry mouth , changes in muscle tone or behaviour , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or the_mouth flushing dry mouth , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth increase of muscle tension , pins and needles , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , especially in the ears ( vertigo ) vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or sleepy dry mouth , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth ringing in the ears , dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or the_mouth flushing dry mouth , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth increase of muscle tension , pins and needles , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , especially in the ears ( vertigo ) vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy , sleepy or dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth ringing in the ears , dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or the_mouth flushing dry mouth , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth increase in muscle tension , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , feeling of pins and needles , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , especially in the ears , vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the mouth dry mouth , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth increase of muscle tension , decrease of muscle tone , increase of muscle enzyme called " pins - needles or sensation of the ears , vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the mouth dry mouth , or dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth increase of muscle tension , feeling of pins and needles , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , especially in the ears ( tinnitus ) vertigo feeling dizzy or sleepy , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the mouth dry mouth , or dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth increase in muscle tension , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , feeling of pins and needles , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , especially in the ears ( tinnitus ) vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the mouth dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth increase in muscle tension , decrease of muscle tone , feeling of pins and needles , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , especially in the ears ( tinnitus ), vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , dry mouth , abnormal muscle movements , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth vertigo , vertigo , dry mouth increase in muscle tension , increase of certain enzymes in the blood ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions include itching , rash , blistering or peeling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , and / or a general feeling of tiredness . these could be signs of a possible liver problem . if this happens , it is important that you drink more water than usual . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zelboraf . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , constipation , heartburn , heartburn , allergic reactions , skin rash , itching , rash , blistering or peeling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , and abnormal liver function tests . these may be signs of liver problems : if you have kidney problems , have had hepatitis b in the past . the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). if you experience any symptoms such as fever , chills , feeling tired , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , and abnormal liver function tests . these may be signs of liver problems : if you have kidney problems , have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver enzyme ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , diarrhoea diarrhoea , heartburn , allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , rash , blistering or peeling , or peeling , or peeling of the skin , or peeling of the skin . muscle pain or muscle pain . the frequency of these events is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience kidney disease when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching the skin may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and blood disorders . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - any of the following or combination of the following side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; flu - like symptoms ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; high body temperature ; bleeding in the stomach ; intestinal haemorrhage ; bleeding in the intestine ; bleeding in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache , drowsiness , dizziness , - sensation of spinning ( palpitations ), - extreme tiredness , - sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , indigestion , - tooth disorder , - loss of appetite , - muscle pain or spasm , - joint pain or pain in arms or legs , - muscle pain or spasm , - muscle pain or spasm , - chest pain , - swelling of arms or legs , - general feeling of being unwell ( nausea ), stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching , hair loss ( alopecia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory tract infections , sneezing , runny nose , sore throat , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing , runny nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , asthma , general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , depression , irritability , nightmares , fainting , tremor , - loss of taste , dry eye , - abnormal pupil sounds , - kidney problems including dry skin , joint pain , pain in arms or legs , - muscle weakness , - back pain , - swelling of arms , legs , neck , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle weakness , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination ( signs of high level of sugar in the blood ), - low level of potassium in the blood , lack of energy , high temperature , high level of sugar in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased sodium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased sodium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased sodium levels in the blood , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , nasal congestion or sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing , runny nose - sneezing , asthma , general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , nightmares , nightmares , tremor , - fainting , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor , - tremor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . red blood cells , which can result in frequent infections , weakness , breathlessness , shortness of breath , chest pain , and a spleen congestion . these could be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or fatigue , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pneumonia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or fatigue , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( pneumonia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or fatigue , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( pneumonia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or fatigue , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pneumonia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swollen face , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a spleen obstruction , - cough , feeling sick , vomiting , dark - coloured urine , or loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by a spleen decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( sickle_cell_disease ) ( frequency not known ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any of the reaction gets worse . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - fever - an infection with a fever - sore throat or mouth ulcers - cough - wheezing - difficulty breathing - chest pain - this may be a sign of spleen problems - this is known as a result of " sepsis " ( a reaction that may be fatal ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm ( see section 5 , " what you need to know before you take your_bone_marrow_transfusion ). your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . the frequency of the following side effects is set for the following categories : - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), with or without fever , which may be associated with a fever - sore throat or mouth , cough , wheezing or difficulty breathing - chest pain - this is a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or fatigue , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pneumonia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or fatigue , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pneumonia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swollen face , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , - cough , - feeling sick ( vomiting ), - dark urine or loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by a spleen decrease in the levels of some specific proteins in the blood ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm . - decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - with or without fever - an infection with a fever - sore throat , high or high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) are signs of liver problems : if you have a combination of fever , cough , difficulties in breathing , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be a sign of lung problems : if you experience fever , cough and difficulties with breathing , as these may be signs of lung disease ( interstitial lung disease ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , a change in the way things taste  tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , increase in white blood cells , decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and infections . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , a change in the way things taste , diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness and increased blood pressure . diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , pancreatitis . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , increase in white blood cells , decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and infections . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , a change in the way things taste , diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness and increased blood pressure . diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , pancreatitis . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , increase in white blood cells , decrease in white blood cells which can make you more prone to infections and may be life - threatening . in some cases , these infections may be serious . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , a change in the way things taste , diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness and increased blood pressure . diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced blood pressure ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , increase in white blood cells , decrease in white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause fever . if you experience any of the above symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , a change in the way things taste , diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , injection site itching , itching , rash , raised red bumps , hives , swelling , difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , vertigo ( low blood pressure ) - dizziness - light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking defitelio : - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing and immediately , fever and low blood pressure ( anaphylactic reaction ). these side effects can become serious ; therefore , it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever and low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever and low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever and low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever and low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever and low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever and low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever and low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever and low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever and low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea ( feeling sick ) and constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , abdominal pain , aching or distended stools ( abdomen ), swelling of arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , joint pain , aching , or pain in arms or legs , joint pain , aching , or pain in arms or legs , joint pain , or flu - like symptoms , fatigue , flu influenza - like illness , flu - like illness , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction : hives , rash , swelling , tenderness , redness and redness have been reported with the vaccine . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , redness , pain , tenderness , or swelling . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and went away within three days . swelling , including pain , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . - skin disorders that may result in fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . - skin disorders . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms : fever , sore throat , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , hair loss , skin rash or coughing_blood , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or itching , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or itching , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or itching , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or itching , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or itching , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , fever , sore throat or breathing , chest pain , or shortness of breath or exercise , which may be a serious allergic reaction . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called psoriasis . - if you notice any of these symptoms : fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - if you experience a combination of an infection , such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - if you experience a combination of an infection , such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - if you experience a combination of an infection , such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) hyperglycaemia or symptoms such as excessive thirst , hunger , hunger ( pneumonia ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high temperature ) excessive thirst , hunger or hunger ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high temperature ) excessive hunger , hunger ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) irregular or rapid heartbeat ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) - an infection of the lungs - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) - an infection of the lungs - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) - an infection of the lungs - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) - an infection of the lungs - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) - an infection of the lungs - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) - an infection of the lungs - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) - a high temperature ( symptoms include : -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : - fever , chills , shivering ( nausea ), feeling sick , vomiting ( being sick ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea , diarrhoea - pain in the stomach , irritation or numbness of the stomach and feet , feeling bloated , constipation ( dyspepsia ), - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea - pain in the stomach , irritation or numbness of the stomach and feet , feeling bloated , constipation ( dyspepsia ), - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - increased sweating , - generalised tiredness , - increased sweating , - itchy eyes , - increased sweating , - generalised constipation , - increased sweating , - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - joint stiffness or neck , neck , neck , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): angioedema ( difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , cough , severe itchy rash with fever ), or other signs of serious lung problems ( e . g . sore throat , cough , severe itching of the skin , fever , nausea or vomiting ). however , if you have a fever , nausea or vomiting , as these may be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . sore throat , cough , difficulty breathing , severe itching ) or fever , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor right away if you experience fever , difficulty breathing or severe chest pain , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - serious allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or low blood pressure - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( neutropenic_colitis ) - fever , difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction , which may be life threatening ), fever , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ) - fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ) - fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ) - fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ) - fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ) - fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ) - fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ) - fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ) - fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness , tiredness , high liver enzymes and feeling confused , feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite * aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and urinary falling problems these common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and urinary retention - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused , drowsy or confused , difficulty in sleeping , vomiting , stomach upset , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or stomach , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , rash , hair loss , dry skin , excessive sweating , dry mouth , tiredness , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the neck , throat or back , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may be accompanied by diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), dry skin , itching ( pruritus ), dry mouth , tiredness , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the neck , throat or throat , increased sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , hair loss ( alopecia ), diarrhoea , hair loss ( alopecia ), dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : swollen face , tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), ulcers of mouth , tongue or throat , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : swollen face , tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), ulcers of mouth , tongue or throat , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : pain in your chest or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in attention , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : pain in your chest or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), swelling of limbs , limbs or face , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : swollen face , tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), ulcers of mouth , tongue or throat , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : swollen face , tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in attention , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : swollen face , tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in attention , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : swollen face , tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in attention , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : swollen face , tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), ulcers of mouth , tongue or throat , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of allergic reaction death of the skin ( such as skin rash , burning and stinging ) or fever ( signs of skin disorders ). if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected irritation ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected irritation ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected irritation ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , memory loss , nightmare , nightmare , dizziness , memory loss , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , swelling of the hands or feet , inflammation of the eyelid ( cornea ) and inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) have also been reported . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe skin reactions ( rare - may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( serious skin reactions ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat serious skin reactions ( rare - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sick or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) this may cause the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia ( a type of dehydration ) dehydration nausea feeling sick , vomiting ( being sick ) diarrhoea , dry mouth , hair loss rash , rash itchy skin rash ( itchy , itchy , or rash ) general feeling of being unwell died of the skin to the sun , sometimes with general feeling of being unwell ( sometimes with a sensation of something in the surface of the eye ( cornea ) blood clots in the small blood vessels of the skin ( cornea ) which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , nose , eyes or eyes . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , eyes , eyes or eyes . these could be symptoms of severe liver damage ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes or mouth . these could be signs of severe liver damage . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) and inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes , eyes , eyes or eyes . if you experience any of these symptoms : jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) dark - coloured urine , jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of the eyes ) dark - coloured urine , if you notice any of these symptoms : jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) dark - coloured urine symptoms of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) dark - coloured urine , which may cause symptoms such as severe_skin_reactions ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , eyes , eyes or eyes . if you experience any of these symptoms : jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) dark - coloured urine , jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) and inflammation of the liver caused by symptoms may include yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes or mouth . these could be signs of severe liver damage . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) have also been reported . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , eyes or mouth , eyes , nose , eyes or eyes . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , eyes or mouth , eyes , eyes or eyes . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , eyes or mouth , eyes , eyes or eyes . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , eyes or mouth , eyes , eyes or eyes . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , eyes or mouth , eyes , eyes or eyes . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , eyes or mouth , eyes , eyes or eyes . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , eyes or mouth , eyes , eyes or eyes . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , eyes or mouth , eyes , eyes or eyes . symptoms of severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes , eyes , eyes or mouth , eyes , eyes , nose , eyes or eyes .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , blurred vision , fainting , which may be a sign of a serious sudden potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . symptoms of rashes ( including shortness of breath , blurred vision , fainting and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or face ). symptoms of pain , burning , burning , burning , burning , headache , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache flu - like symptoms , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site pain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the injection site at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fever flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache flu - like symptoms at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the injection site at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache flu - like symptoms at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache flu - like symptoms at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fever flu - like symptoms at the injection site common side effects ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience : - fever , chills , sore throat or coughing with bluish discoloration of the eyes or bleeding ( signs of this may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated which can cause blocked throat and sore throat and cough or being sick ( flatulence ). - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain , indigestion or heartburn , constipation , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or flatulence ( flatulence ), - back discomfort , - muscle pain , joint pain , back pain , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , chills , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , lethargy , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of feeling anxious or confused ). - fast heart beat ( vertigo ). - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart problems which may cause shortness of breath or chest pain which may be due to blood clots in the lung . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated ( blocked nose ) - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the mouth - dry mouth - heartburn or discomfort - flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , paleness , dizziness , lethargy , confusion , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo - a spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated ( voice - sinus congestion ) - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the mouth - dry mouth - heartburn or discomfort - flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness - paleness - dizziness , lethargy - confusion - feeling anxious - confused - vertigo - a spinning feeling ( vertigo ) - a spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - change in the sense of taste - dry mouth - cough - chills - tiredness - paleness - dizziness , lethargy - confusion - feeling anxious - confused - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( confused ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - change in the sense of taste - dry mouth - cough - chills - tiredness ( paleness ) - dizziness , lethargy - confusion - feeling anxious - confused - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( confused ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing_in_the_ears - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - change in the sense of taste - dry mouth - cough - chills - tiredness ( paleness ) - dizziness , lethargy - confusion - feeling anxious - confused - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( confused ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing_in_the_ears - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - change in the sense of taste - dry mouth - cough - chills - tiredness ( paleness ) - dizziness , lethargy - confusion - feeling anxious - confused - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( confused ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing_in_the_ears - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - change in the sense of taste - dry mouth - cough - chills -
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by lactic acidosis are : lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking some_hiv_medicines and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to excess_lactic_acid_in_the_blood . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - discomfort - bone pain - muscle weakness - a slight increase in a weight loss . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : - if you are being treated for hiv , it may be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of stribild or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . even patients who don ' t have the hla - b * 5701 gene may still develop a hypersensitivity reaction . these are signs of a serious condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called lactic acidosis , and can be fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as : muscle weakness weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called autoimmune_disorders . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue unwanted_effects . in particular , patients who have a history of opportunistic infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). when these people start treatment , they may find that old , hidden infections flare up , causing signs and symptoms of infection . these symptoms are probably caused by the body ' s immune system becoming stronger , so that the body starts to fight these infections . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called autoimmune_disorders . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; sudden decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood , which may cause difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms contact your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or lips or tongue , has been reported . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - muscle pain or spasms - numbness , pain , swelling , redness or leg pain ( sciatica ) - respiratory tract infection ( pain or discomfort when passing urine ) - abdominal pain - inflammation of the vein ( symptoms may include urinary tract infection , rash , fever ) - low level of phosphate in the blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - rash . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin ( dryness ) - swelling around the leg , sciatica ( a feeling of pins and needles ) and / or inflammation in the joints and loosening of a tooth - sciatica ( a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , which may travel through blood vessels to the treatment causing pain and discomfort in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing pain and swelling in the back of the neck ( sciatica ), or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs and symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin ( sciatica ), swelling around the leg , sciatica ( a feeling of pins and needles ), and a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor will check you regularly for any of these symptoms and / or discontinue treatment has stopped . - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - urinary tract infection - rash . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin ( sciatica ), swelling around the leg , sciatica ( a feeling of pins and needles ), and a sensation of movement in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor will check you regularly for any of these symptoms and / or discontinue treatment has stopped . - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - rash . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin ( dryness ) - swelling around the leg , sciatica ( a feeling of pins and needles ) and pain in the joints , which may travel through blood vessels to the loosening_of_a_tooth causing blood in the urine . if you have chronic hepatitis b in the past , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or discontinue treatment . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or discontinue treatment . - peripheral oedema ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : - feeling dizzy , feeling drowsy , tired , chills , sore throat , or cough ; - fever ; - chills ; sore throat ; - feeling weak or tired ; - severe chills with no consciousness ; signs of loss of consciousness ; - fever ; - chills ; - sore throat , or cough ; - severe tiredness with fever ; - chills ; - sore throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , thrombocytopenia ( low number of red blood cells ). - low number of a type of white blood cells called neutrophils ; in the number of red blood cells called neutrophils ; - fever ; - fever ; sore throat , runny nose , cough ; - severe tiredness with cough ; - severe tiredness with cough ; - severe tiredness with or without fever . - severe tiredness with or without fever . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , thrombocytopenia ( low number of red blood cells ). - low number of a type of white blood cells called neutrophils ; in the number of certain types of blood cells called neutrophils ; - meningitis ; - fever ; sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe tiredness ; - severe tiredness with cough ; - severe tiredness with cough ; - severe tiredness with or without cough ; - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , thrombocytopenia ( low number of red blood cells ). - reduced number of platelets in the blood , which are important in fighting infection . - decrease in the number of red blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . - meningitis . - fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe tiredness with or without severe tiredness , - severe tiredness with or without cough . - severe tiredness with or without sore throat . these could be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - low levels of red blood cells , with or without red blood cells . - decrease in the number of red blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ). - meningitis . - fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe tiredness with or severe cough with or without cough . - severe headache with sore throat . - cough . - severe tiredness with or without breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , thrombocytopenia ( low number of red blood cells ). - reduced number of platelets in the blood . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . in some cases they may be treated with a higher risk of infection such as : - fever - sore throat - runny nose - cough - severe breathing difficulties - cough - severe tiredness with sore throat or cough - severe tiredness with or without breathing problems - these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for : - if you experience symptoms such as difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the skin ( 2 section 2 ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including inflammation of the fingers , fingers or hands ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - injection site reactions ( including inflammation of the fingers , fingers or hands ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of allergic reactions include high or low blood pressure , rash , fever , paleness if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice 2 . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in the mouth , symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a rash , fever and / or if you have loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called seizures , collapse or breathing problems , wheezing , coughing , itchy or itchy skin and swelling of the skin . these may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - if you experience a cough , paleness and loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - fever , sleepiness , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itchy skin , or swelling of the skin . these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or any of these symptoms , or if they get worse : - paleness - if you experience loss of consciousness , contact a doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may be symptoms of shortness of breath , coughing , difficulty_breathing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , which may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to collapse . - fits and loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience seizures , collapse or if you experience loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may be symptoms of shortness of breath , coughing , difficulty_breathing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , which may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to collapse . - fits and loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience fever , paleness , or if you experience severe headache , sleepiness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . - high blood pressure , which could make you feel faint or wheezing , which may make you feel faint or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of these
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed bleeding in the eye . bleeding , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking docetaxel_accord and call your doctor right away . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed bleeding in the eye . bleeding , including swelling of the joints , joint or joint swelling , or swelling of the legs , ankles or feet . this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy therapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , magnesium , magnesium , and / or magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ). ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , 65 headache , fainting , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea and abdominal pain ) redness of the skin . increased levels of uric acid in the blood . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( blood clotting disorders ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms . your doctor may decide to lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : if you notice symptoms such as rash , chest pain or if your doctor should tell your doctor . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , rash , headache common ( may affect up to 1 in in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) anxiety hypotension ( low blood pressure ) fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain rash , rash , feeling weak ( syncope ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain fast heart beat tachycardia ( high blood pressure ) fast heart rate ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure high blood pressure low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), constipation , fungal infection rash , feeling generally unwell or malaise uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure high blood pressure low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , stomach pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation , fungal infection rash , feeling generally unwell or malaise uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure high blood pressure low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , tummy pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , flushing high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation , fungal infection rash , feeling generally unwell or malaise uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure high blood pressure low blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , tummy pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , flushing high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation , fungal infection rash , feeling generally unwell or malaise uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure high blood pressure low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , flushing high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation , fungal infection rash , feeling generally unwell or malaise uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure high blood pressure low blood pressure cough , high blood pressure cough , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling weak , fast heart beat tachycardia ( high blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation , fungal infection rash , feeling generally
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increase in liver enzymes rash , itching , pruritis ( rash ), low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or coughing , pruritis , rash , itching or pruritis ( pruritis ), difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , low blood pressure , disorder that can be life threatening . serious side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) disorder of the lungs ( pneumonia ) other possible side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( flushing ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives 29 - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , low levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the chest , high blood sugar , high blood sugar , low blood sugar low blood high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar , low blood sugar low blood sugar common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) stomach problems such as diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , liver problems such as rash , itching , pruritis , rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder in arms and legs , high blood sugar , high blood sugar low blood cholesterol , low blood triglycerides low blood high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar high blood cholesterol , low blood triglycerides common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) stomach problems such as diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests rash , itching ( including pruritis ), rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the lungs , high blood sugar , high blood sugar low blood cholesterol , low blood triglycerides low blood high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar high blood sugar low blood sugar , low blood triglycerides common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) stomach problems , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests rash , itching ( including pruritis ), rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the lungs , high blood sugar , high blood sugar low blood cholesterol , low blood triglycerides low blood high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar high blood cholesterol , low blood triglycerides common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) stomach problems , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests rash , itching ( including pruritis ), rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the disorder of the chest , high blood sugar low blood cholesterol , low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar high blood cholesterol , low blood triglycerides common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - tightness of the chest - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe symptoms such as wheezing , wheals , generalised dizziness , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness . severe symptoms , such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . seek medical attention immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : wheezing , wheals , generalised itching , hives , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a fainting . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , or general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . seek medical attention immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - wheezing , wheals , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a fainting . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting , which may be severe and life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness in the chest . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - loss of consciousness . - fainting . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : drowsiness , dizziness , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . serious side effects other side effects most of the following side effects are mild . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms include : - pelvic ache , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , swelling of arms , legs and / or neck , discomfort , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , nervous system disorders ) - bone pain , - weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness and dizziness . - drowsiness ( fits ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause swelling of the abdomen , discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause swelling of the abdomen , discomfort or discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause swelling of the abdomen , discomfort or discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , vomiting , - flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , vomiting , - flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( tiredness ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fits ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , vomiting , - flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( tiredness ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fits ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , vomiting , - flu - like symptoms , weight gain , - drowsiness ( tremor ), - headache , dizziness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience : fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , stomach pain , passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( which may be common ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) infection of the nose and throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) infection of the nose and throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) fractures ( inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin ) fractures ( stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , chills , fever ) feeling weak 68 increased levels of creatinine in the blood . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) increased sugar levels in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) cold sores ( herpes simplex ) increased sugar levels in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart palpitations ( tachycardia ) awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ) tremor ( tremor ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening condition called lactic acidosis ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may be a sign of lactic acidosis : - chills or chills - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - discomfort or bone pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - a symptom of bone pain , which may be a symptom of muscle damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache ; abnormal dreams ; feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; stomach ( abdominal ) pain ; discomfort or dry mouth ; feeling bloated ; wind ( flatulence ); muscle pain ; muscle weakness ; a symptom of bone pain and / or bone pain ; muscle weakness ; pain in the limbs ; bone pain ; muscle weakness ; weakness in the hands and soles of the feet which may cause infected and cause difficulty in swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . blood tests may show an increase in your specific kinds of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening condition called lactic acidosis ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing ) have been reported in patients treated with orgalutran . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). swelling , redness , difficulty breathing ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause nausea and abdominal pain ) other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache abdominal pain nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) abdominal pain nausea ( feeling sick ) if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache abdominal pain nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) abdominal pain nausea ( feeling sick ) if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache abdominal pain nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) nausea abdominal pain if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : fever , chills and shivering , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the stomach or bowels , feeling drowsy , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the stomach or intestine , feeling drowsy , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the stomach or intestine , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), swollen abdomen , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), swollen abdomen , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tummy ), irritation or numbness of the stomach and feet ( gastroenteritis ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tummy ), irritation and / or ulceration of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach ache , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tummy ), irritation and / or ulceration of the mouth , tongue and / or mouth , difficulty swallowing , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( loss of appetite ), tiredness ( asthenia ). - if you experience any of the above , tell your doctor . he / she may advise you to an infusion - related reaction . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours after the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately : fever , chills , shivering ( nausea ), feeling sick , vomiting ( being sick ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen , tiredness or a lack of energy ( fatigue ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . rarely can be severe or life - threatening . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours after the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop infusion reactions during or after the infusion , you must consult your doctor immediately : - fever , - chills , - shivering , - nausea , - feeling sick , - vomiting , - being sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - pain in the abdomen , - irritation or discomfort in your stomach or intestine , - feeling ill , - constipation , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - nausea , constipation , - pain in the abdomen , - tiredness , constipation , - pain in the abdomen , - nausea and / or vomiting , - nausea or bald_spots_on_the_scalp , - nausea or constipation , - pain in the abdomen , - irritation of the stomach , - feeling ill , - constipation , - indigestion , - nausea , constipation , - pain in the abdomen , - tiredness , constipation , - pain in the abdomen , - nausea and / or indigestion_eating_disorders , - nausea , constipation , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - nausea ( feeling sick ). - nausea . - constipation . - pain in the abdomen , joints or joints . - if you experience any of the above symptoms or signs of an infusion - related reaction , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor immediately . - infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours after your infusion , you may develop some of the following reactions : infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours after the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a high temperature ) and liver failure , which may be signs of liver problems , such as fever and chills , easy itching of the skin , which may be signs of liver failure , which may be life - threatening . liver problems such as blocking of the veins around the mouth , nose , nose and throat , difficulty breathing , light headedness , light - headedness , dizziness or light - headedness . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell counts ( neutropenia , red and white blood cells ), low white blood cells ( neutropenia , tiredness and other kinds of white blood cells ) low white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) low white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) low white blood cells ( anaemia ) low white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) low white blood cells low white blood cells low white blood cell count low white blood cell count low white blood cell count neutropenia , tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives or itching rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) cellulitis ( cellulitis ), upper respiratory tract infections , sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever with or without fever low white blood cell count ( anaemia ), low white blood cell count ( leucopenia ), low white blood cells ( leucopenia ), tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives , itching . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) cellulitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever due to low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives , itching . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): cellulitis ( cellulitis ), upper respiratory tract infections , sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever due to low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( leucopenia ), low white blood cells ( leucopenia ), tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives , itching . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever due to low white blood cell count ), neutropenia , red blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( leucopenia ), low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives , itching . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ), sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever with low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decreased number of white
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of heaviness ; numbness ; or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , breathing or tongue - severe swelling of your lips , breathing or tongue - a severe allergic reaction - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your lips , breathing , breathing or tongue ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your lips , breathing or tongue ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face , tongue or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include swelling of your face and throat , with a severe allergic reaction , or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , can be life threatening and life threatening and needs urgent medical attention ). - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction , or a severe allergic reaction - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction , or a severe allergic reaction - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction , or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a difficulty breathing or breathing ) - if you develop a severe allergic
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : blindness , numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes your treatment with depocyte . tingling , tingling , numbness , numbness , or tingling . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes your treatment with depocyte . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . overall list of possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking ( shaking ), shaking , dizziness , nausea , confusion , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness or tingling . your doctor will tell you how to treat a reaction . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , tremor ( shaking ), shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your blood pressure . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , tremor ( shaking ), shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your blood pressure . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , tremor ( shaking ), shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your blood pressure . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your blood pressure . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood pressure . dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , confusion , dizziness , nausea , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , confusion , dizziness , nausea , back pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , shaking ( shaking ), shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes your treatment with your treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( allergic reaction ) angioedema ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , runny_nose runny nose , sneezing , skin rash , itching , hives , musculoskeletal pain , musculoskeletal pain , pain in arms or legs , bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction : hives , hives , skin_itching rash , rash , abnormal swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and blurred vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; blood in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood cells .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - a severe muscle pain , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - therapy with lamivudine_teva may be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - tiredness , - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain - headache - stomach pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - increase in liver enzymes ( enzymes produced by the liver ) - increase in enzymes produced in the muscles ( called creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the blood ( transaminases ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , respiratory tract infections , - throat irritation , - headache , - stomach pain , - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , - increase in liver enzymes ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in the blood ( enzymes produced by the liver ). - an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the blood ( transaminases ). - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - a reduction in the levels of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reaction . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - headache - stomach ache and nausea . - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . - increase in liver enzymes ( enzymes produced by the liver ). - increase in enzymes produced by the liver . - increase in enzymes produced by the liver . - an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the blood ( transaminases ). - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ). - damage to the liver . - a decrease in the levels of some liver enzymes may be seen in your blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reaction . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - headache - stomach ache and nausea . - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . - increase in liver enzymes ( enzymes produced by the liver ). - increase in enzymes produced by the liver . - increase in enzymes produced by the liver called transaminases . - shown in blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ). - a decrease in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called liver failure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reaction . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - skin rash . - headache - stomach ache . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). serious allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) stop taking this medicine and call a doctor straight away . the following side effects have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; severe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only last a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and usually go away within a few days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and usually go away within a few days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually go away within the first weeks of taking macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually go away within the first weeks of taking macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually go away within the first weeks of taking macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually go away within the first weeks of taking macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and usually go away within a few days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and usually go away within a few days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , back pain , pain in the back of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), eye redness ( conjunctivitis ) back pain , pain in the back of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), conjunctiva ( a type of serious liver disorder ) serious allergic reaction which causes severe and life - threatening allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) and / or a type of blood_vessel called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): high blood pressure , fainting , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache or tiredness . these side effects can be signs of the below listed side effects , which have been observed with other antidiabetic medicines : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , back pain , chest pain , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , itching
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus ( swelling ) in the hands or soles of the feet ( including hand - foot syndrome ), pain , swelling ( oedema ), fever and / or fever have been reported with digestive_enzymes use . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . ema / 43
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic allergic_reactions allergic reactions may include breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties and / or swelling of the face contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a low blood calcium levels ( hypocalcaemia , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain or muscle pain ) - muscle spasms , - muscle spasms , or cramps - back pain , muscle spasms - pain in the limbs , pain in the bones , arms , legs , or numbness ( peripheral neuropathy ), convulsions - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation - rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms - pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , - low calcium levels in the blood , - low calcium levels in the blood , - muscle spasms , muscle spasms , or numbness ( especially of the hands or feet ), numbness , tingling sensation or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - seizures ( fits ) - seizures , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms , muscle aches or cramps ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) - back pain , headache , muscle pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs , - muscle spasms , - muscle spasms , - weakness ( asthenia ) - numbness , tingling sensation ( numbness ) or tingling sensation ( convulsions ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation - rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms - pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , - low calcium levels in the blood , - low calcium levels in the blood , - muscle spasms , muscle spasms , or numbness ( especially of the hands or feet ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ) - abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation - rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms - pain or pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness , numbness , or tingling in hands and feet ( numbness or tingling sensation ), or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - seizures ( fits ) - seizures , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms , muscle aches or cramps ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) - back pain , headache , muscle pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs , - muscle spasms , - muscle spasms , - weakness ( asthenia ) - numbness , tingling sensation ( numbness ) or tingling sensation ( convulsions ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation - rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms - pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , - low calcium levels in the blood , - low calcium levels in the blood , - muscle spasms , muscle spasms , or numbness ( especially of the hands or feet ), numbness , tingling sensation or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - seizures ( fits ) - seizures , - seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) - pain in arms or legs , back pain , headache , muscle pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs , - pain in arms or legs , - low calcium levels in the blood , - low calcium levels in the blood , - muscle spasms , muscle spasms , or numbness , tingling sensation , numbness or tingling sensation ( convulsions ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation - rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms - pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , - low calcium levels in the blood , - low calcium levels in the blood , - muscle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of anaphylactic coma and coma have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . severe allergic reactions ( pancreatitis ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10,000 , 000 people very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , tiredness or infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking avandamet and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - blood clots in your legs ( angioedema ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the mouth ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - chest pain ( oedema ) - swelling , fluid retention ( oedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased breakdown of the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased breakdown of the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased breakdown of the blood ( anaemia ) - increase in the amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in the amount of potassium in the blood ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could be a sign of fluid retention ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), which may be signs of chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased breakdown of the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased breakdown of the blood ( anaemia ) - increase in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in the amount of potassium in the blood ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could be a sign of fluid retention ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - fluid retention ( oedema ) - swelling ( oedema ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the amount of sugar in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased breakdown of the blood ( anaemia ) - increase in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in the amount of potassium in the blood ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could be a sign of fluid retention ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - fluid retention ( oedema ) - swelling ( oedema ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the amount of sugar in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased breakdown of the blood ( anaemia ) - increase in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in the amount of potassium in the blood - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of heaviness ; numbness ; or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness ; itching ; dizziness ; loss of contact with reality ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , feeling tired feeling tired ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) liver : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) liver enzymes ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) liver enzymes ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) liver enzymes ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) liver enzymes ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - shortness of breath - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - a fast heart rate - fainting - a sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to fainting - a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which may make you feel sick or vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 30 - eye pain - discomfort or chest pain - throat tightness - discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath with exercise - voice alteration ( sick ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - rapid heart rate - electrocardiogram , a fast or irregular heartbeat , or discomfort in the chest - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nose bleeds - stuffy nose - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye_pain - eye pain - irregular heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal ecg sensation in the mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal discomfort - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - rapid heart rate - electrocardiogram , a fast or irregular heartbeat , or discomfort in the chest - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - stuffy nose - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - rapid heart rate - electrocardiogram , a fast or irregular heartbeat , or discomfort in the chest - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - stuffy nose - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - rapid heart rate - electrocardiogram , a fast or irregular heartbeat , or discomfort in the chest - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - stuffy nose - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - rapid heart rate - electrocardiogram , a fast or irregular heartbeat , or discomfort in the chest - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal discomfort - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye pain - rapid heart rate - electrocardiogram , a fast or irregular heartbeat , or discomfort in the chest - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal discomfort - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye pain - rapid heart rate - electrocardiogram , a fast or irregular heartbeat , or discomfort in the chest - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal discomfort - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye pain - rapid heart rate - electrocardiogram , a fast or irregular heartbeat , or discomfort in the chest - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal discomfort - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking the medicine and seek medical help immediately : - a sudden drop or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - serious skin reactions - severe blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) - fever and / or seizures - the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way delirium ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or dyspnoea ) inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * dyskinesia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) delusion * amnesia ( memory disturbance )* delirium ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or dyspnoea ) inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * mania ( increased movements and inability to keep still )* neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being )* mania ( memory disturbance )* hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( common ) and urinary tract infection ( common ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) dry eye rash , rash , changes in taste ( taste disturbance ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate ( bradycardia ) eye pain , dry eye , changes in vision , dry eye , change in vision , eye redness , eyelid swelling , eye pain , dry eyes , abnormal sensation in the eye reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you develop a high temperature , an allergic reaction , which may be life threatening and include a high temperature , and a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). - very rare ( may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . - cases of pure red cell aplasia ( eosinophilia ) and dress ( a type of severe skin reaction that may be life threatening ), toxic epidermal necrolysis ( a type of severe skin reaction that may be life threatening ) - increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms such as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). - very rare ( may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**.
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects : - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blockage of the intestines ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 side effects are : - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain in your arms and / or legs these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called glaucoma ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 may be signs of allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blockage of the intestines ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 side effects are : - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain in your arms and / or legs these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called glaucoma ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 side effects are : - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain in your arms and / or legs these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called glaucoma ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 the symptoms of allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - bone pain or pain in your arms and / or legs these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention . - glaucoma ( blurred vision ) - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of glaucoma ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 60 if you have symptoms of low blood pressure , stop taking nucala and contact your doctor immediately . symptoms may include : - difficulty breathing - chest pain - cough - fever - high blood pressure - swelling of the face - chest tightness - cough - fever - elevated level of consciousness - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - cough - fever - high temperature ( pyrexia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - fever - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - discomfort - stomach pain - frequent urination - blood in urine - fever - high blood pressure - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain or discomfort - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - high blood pressure - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain or discomfort - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - high blood pressure - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain or discomfort - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - signs of high blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - signs of high blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - signs of high blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - signs of high blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , decreased appetite , constipation . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite , decreased sense of smell , confusion , changes in vision , skin sensitivity to light , dry eyes , dry eyes , leg or ringing in the ears , difficulty in speaking , blurred vision , tingling sensation , numbness , tingling , tingling , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , vomiting , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , changes in vision , problems with balance , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( peripheral sensory neuropathy ) blurred vision , dizziness , dry eye , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , changes in vision , skin sensitivity to light , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , dry eye , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , skin reactions , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness and tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , dry eye , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , skin reactions , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal thinking , muscle damage , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( peripheral sensory neuropathy ) blurred vision , dizziness , dry eye , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , skin reactions , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , dry eye , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , skin sensitivity to light , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , dry eye , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal thinking , skin sensitivity to light , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal thinking , skin sensitivity to light , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , dry eye , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal thinking , skin sensitivity to light , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , dry eye , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking palforzia : - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - difficulty breathing or breathing - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or wheezing - these symptoms can be signs of severe allergic reaction : - trouble breathing or breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - pain , itching , rash , itchy rash , hives - runny nose - runny nose - sneezing - cough - throat irritation - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - sneezing - runny
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your liver . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
