like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking incivo and see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : weakness or shortness of breath , immediately contact a doctor immediately . these may be signs of bleeding in your stomach or intestines . this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . bleeding may be severe and can be life - threatening . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat all other side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , fungal infection in the mouth ( oral herpes ) infection low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased pressure in your stomach or bowel , increase in blood pressure ( hypertension ), diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased pressure in your stomach ( abdomen ) increase in a type of white blood cells ( anaemia ) which may be a sign of tiredness , vomiting and nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased pressure in your stomach or bowel , increase in blood pressure ( increase of blood pressure ) diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased blood pressure in your blood ( seen in tests ) creatinine in your blood ( such as diarrhoea , vomiting ) nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased pressure in your stomach or bowel , increase in blood levels of creatinine ( a substance produced by the creatinine in the blood ) diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased pressure in your stomach or bowel , increase in blood levels of creatinine ( a substance produced by the creatinine in the blood ) diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased pressure in your stomach or bowel , increase in blood pressure ( increase of blood pressure ) diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased pressure in your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine sarcoidosis ( sarcoidosis ). these may be signs of a blood clot in the lung ( sarcoidosis ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . nasopharyngitis ( colds and colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( bronchitis ), colds , upper respiratory tract infections , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), dry skin , dry skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( runny nose ), nasopharyngitis , dry mouth . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , herpes infection , colds , sore throat and pharyngitis ( dry mouth ), pharyngitis , dry mouth . blood tests may show increase in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( runny nose ), nasopharyngitis , dry mouth . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , herpes infection , colds , sore throat and pharyngitis ( dry mouth ), pharyngitis , dry mouth . blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in the blood ( colds ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( colds and colds ), upper respiratory tract infection . sore throat ( runny nose ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infections , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), dry nose , dry skin , nasopharyngitis ( signs of colds and colds ). blood tests may show increase in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in your blood ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( runny nose ), nasopharyngitis , dry mouth . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infections , herpes simplex infections , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry mouth ( pharyngitis ), dry mouth , paleness , blood tests showing decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of all blood cells ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( runny nose ), nasopharyngitis , dry mouth . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infections , herpes simplex infections , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry mouth ( pharyngitis ), dry mouth , paleness , blood tests showing decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of all blood cells ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( runny nose ), nasopharyngitis , dry mouth . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infections , herpes simplex infections , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry mouth ( pharyngitis ), dry mouth , paleness , blood tests showing decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of all blood cells ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( runny nose ), nasopharyngitis , dry mouth . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infections , herpes simplex infections , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry mouth ( pharyngitis ), dry mouth , paleness , blood tests showing decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the most common symptoms of hypoglycaemia are : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat , feeling sick , nausea and diarrhoea , or sweating ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions ( see section 2 ). - if you experience any of the following symptoms : hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ) with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating and anaphylactic shock . these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - increased_liver_enzymes , which is very common to hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a liver disorder ) is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating , - anaphylactic shock . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ) with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock ( these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction ) - the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of hypoglycaemia ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating - anaphylactic shock . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ) - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the liver and eyes . - if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects some patients have experienced the following side effects : - liver problems - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can be life threatening and cause hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - graft versus host disease ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , sweating and anaphylactic shock . other side effects such as hypoglycaemia ( very common ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the liver and eyes ( seen in a blood test ) - changes in liver function tests , which may be a sign of hypoglycaemia . the following side effects have also been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - graft versus host disease ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare severe muscle disorder ) with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating , - anaphylactic shock . other side effects such as hypoglycaemia ( a liver function ) - hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ). - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the liver and eyes . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects . if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately injection site reactions ( such as bleeding , swelling , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site . if you feeling sick , stomach pain , feeling sick or sick ( stomach ) or muscle pain , joint inflammation , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , back pain , pain in the chest , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . being sick ( stomach pain , feeling sick or sick ), stomach pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , back pain , pain in the chest , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . sick ( feeling sick ) stomach pain muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , back pain , pain in the chest , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . being sick ( stomach pain , feeling sick or sick ), stomach pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , back pain , pain in the chest , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . sick ( feeling sick ) and stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain muscle spasms , muscle spasms , back pain , pain in the chest , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . sick ( feeling sick ) and stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain muscle spasms , muscle spasms , back pain , pain in the chest , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . sick ( feeling sick ) and stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain muscle spasms , muscle spasms , back pain , pain in the chest , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump . hand - containing hand - filled syringe , such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . the side effects listed below have happened in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent other side effects . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( symptoms include itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , stinging ) at the injection site ( hypersensitivity ) and itching at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . allergic_reactions ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of afinitor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): signs of bleeding : pain , redness , redness , bruising , swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ) ( dyspepsia ) abdominal ( stomach ) pain feeling sick ( nausea ) ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain , stomach or stomach ( feet ) pain in the stomach or feet feeling weak or having something in your stomach , stomach or stomach loss , loss of taste 46 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased tear levels in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) decreased number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) lymphopenia ( a type of white blood cells ) decreased number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) in the number of platelets ( cells that help the blood to clot ), which may be a sign of inflammation of the sinuses inflammation of the stomach and intestines , which may be associated with abdominal pain , jaundice ( yellowing of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) dark urine , dark coloured urine , dark coloured urine , yellowing of skin ( jaundice ) dark urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , dark urine , dark urine , yellowing of skin ( jaundice ), thirst , thirst , dark urine , dark urine , red spots on the skin or skin , dry skin , nail disorder , muscle spasm , muscle spasms , painful or painful muscles ( oedema ), thirst , passing urine less often than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the way things taste increase in a type of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets ( neutropenia ) or bruising - passing more urine than normal or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : skin rash , hives ( hives ) rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people signs of angioedema : difficulty breathing , feeling weak , light - headed , or collapse , which may be signs of a heart attack , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing and throat swelling ( most signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) ( frequency not known ). the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience loss of consciousness , if you notice any of the above or a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat this medicine . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) loss of consciousness with or without tightness in your chest , coughing , wheezing , coughing or wheezing , chest pain ( angina pectoris ) abnormal kidney function tests ( frequency not known ). the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). loss of consciousness , which may be a symptom of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or chest pain ( signs of a heart attack ) blurred vision , such as coughing , wheezing or chest pain ( angina pectoris ). urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ). the frequency of this type of event is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). loss of consciousness can be life - threatening . sudden tightness or tightness of your chest , coughing , wheezing , coughing or wheezing , chest pain ( angina pectoris ). abnormal kidney function ( japanese patients are more likely to experience this side effect ), if you experience partial loss of vision , coughing , wheezing , wheezing or wheezing ( signs of loss of consciousness , which may be a symptom of sudden drop in blood pressure ). the frequency of the type of event is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience loss of consciousness , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness , rapid or irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or chest pain ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection with a fast heart beat , coughing , wheezing and coughing up of blood pressure ( potential signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness , rapid or irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or chest pain ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) loss of consciousness with or without tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , coughing or wheezing , chest pain ( angina pectoris ) abnormal kidney function tests ( frequency not known ). the frequency of this type of event is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). loss of consciousness can be life - threatening . tell your doctor if you develop a sudden tightness or tightness of your chest , coughing , wheezing , coughing or wheezing , chest pain ( angina pectoris ) abnormal kidney function tests ( increased frequency of urination ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data loss of consciousness , severe sudden irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing or wheezing , chest pain ( angina pectoris ) abnormal kidney function tests ( frequency not known ). the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening . irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or chest pain ( signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving frequency factors with frequency not known . loss of consciousness can be life - threatening . immediate immediate medical help if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , coughing or wheezing , chest pain ( angina pectoris ) abnormal kidney function tests ( increased frequency of urination ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data loss of consciousness , severe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( pneumonia ) allergic reaction ( skin rash , hives or a severe rash ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the hands , feet or ankles in addition , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( pneumonia ) side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ) or pain in extremity , 38 38 38 , skin rash or hives , allergic reaction ( such as hives or severe swelling of the skin ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ) pain in extremity , pain_at_the_injection_site 38 38 38 38 skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as hives or severe swelling of the skin ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( pneumonia ) side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( paraesthesia ), skin_rash skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as hives or severe swelling of the skin ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), pain in extremity ( arthralgia ), 38 38 , skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as hives or severe swelling of the skin ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the face , 38 , skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , skin rash , hives ) and severe swelling of the skin and other tissues have been reported . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . skin rash , hives . allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects : headache
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rashes ( joint pain ) ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain , pain in the limbs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - pain in the limbs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - bone pain - painful urination ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain , pain in the limbs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - pain in your joints - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - painful urination - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - painful urination ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - painful urination ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - pain in your joints - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - pain in the limbs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - bone pain - painful urination ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - pain in the limbs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - pain in the limbs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - bone pain - painful urination ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - pain in the limbs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - bone pain - painful urination ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - pain in your joints - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain -
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decreased feeling in the vagina and around the vagina . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash , irritation or stiffness in the area of the penis , small red or purple spots on the skin , burning sensation in the arms or legs , discomfort or swelling in the area around the penis and around the penis . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , irritation , the_skin_redness , small red spots on the skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , discomfort or discomfort in the area around the penis or in the penis feeling tired pain in the arms and legs feeling tired pain in the arms and legs pain in and around the penis pain in and around the penis pain in the arms or legs pain in the arms or legs reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is called bleeding in the stomach and bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints and back . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , increased amount of tears , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , liver function tests , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of skin and eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , muscle twitching , painful joints , limbs swelling of limbs , limbs or limbs ( peripheral oedema ), lack / loss of strength , fever , collection of fluid in tissues , pain or discomfort in the limbs , weight gain , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased number of blood platelets , blood clotting problems , increase of certain white blood cells . changes in blood cell counts ( seen in blood tests ) decreases in certain white blood cells ( detected by blood test ), blood tests showing changes related to the liver , phosphate , potassium , calcium or calcium in the blood , fluid overload , increased uric acid or lipids in the blood , decreased appetite , decreased_appetite mood , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorder , fits , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , deafness , change in taste , taste disturbance , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , fungal infection of the skin , yellowing of the skin or eyes , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , eye irritation , yellowing of the skin or eyes , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , muscle twitching , stiffness in muscles , arms or legs , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , increased sweating , abnormal hair growth . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased number of white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets , decrease in blood cell counts ( seen in blood clotting ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( detected in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( detected in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( detected in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( detected in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( detected in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( detected in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( detected in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ; high potassium levels , phosphate , potassium , calcium or calcium in the blood , fluid overload , increased uric acid or lipids in the blood , decreased appetite , decreased_appetite mood , nightmare , hallucination , nerve damage ( neuropathy ); deafness , ringing in the ears ; indigestion , feeling bloated , bloating , loose stools , fungal infection , yellowing of the skin or skin , itching of the skin , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , eye irritation , yellowing of the skin or eyes , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , eye irritation , yellowing of the skin or eyes , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , muscular cramps , stiffness in joints , bones or joints , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , increased sweating , abnormal hair growth . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased number of blood platelets , blood clotting problems , increase of blood platelets , increase of certain white blood cells ; changes in the levels of some blood cells , liver function tests , blood abnormalities and / or blood alkaline phosphatase ; increase in certain white blood cells ; high uric acid levels in the blood , low level of phosphate , phosphate , calcium , calcium or calcium in the blood , fluid overload , increased uric acid or lipids in the blood , decreased appetite , nightmare , hallucination , panic attack , temporary changes in vision ; numbness , tingling or loss of balance , deafness , changes in sense of taste ; ringing in the ears , indigestion , passing gas , bloating , passing gas , fungal infections , yellowing of the skin or skin , itching of the skin , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the skin , itching , increased sweating ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding in the mouth or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until joint swelling ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; difficulty in breathing ; blood in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood in the urine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea_nausea skin rash flaking of appetite 52 tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of body fluids taste change damage to the motor nerves which may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , tingling , pain in the limbs or around the membrane ( membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids eye dryness with dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your brain ) irregular heart beat indigestion 52 increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of a type of white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( cells that help blood to clot ) excess of fluid in the body fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) chest pain ( myalgia ) chest pain swelling in the arms and legs ( oedema ) inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids , hands , feet and ankles ( red and swollen eyes ) dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your brain ) pain in the mouth and throat indigestion 52 increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood increased bilirubin in the blood abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) chest pain , chest pain ( angina ) chest pain and / or painful erection swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the legs and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids eye dryness with dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your brain ) pain in the mouth and throat indigestion 52 increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood increased bilirubin in the blood abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) heart attack narrowing or blockage of the coronary arteries abnormal heart rythm deficient blood distribution to the limbs blockage in one of the pulmonary arteries in your lungs chest pain or jaw pain , swelling in the limbs , redness of the limbs inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids , hands , feet and ankles ( red and swollen eyes ) dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your brain ) generally feeling unwell blood tests showing an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the brain and eyes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest chest pain ) ear pain ( angina ) chest pain and / or painful
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : - an allergic reaction - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction may include : - an allergic reaction - the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , face , lips , chest , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , lips , chest , shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , lips , chest , shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , lips , chest , shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , lips , chest , shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , lips , chest , shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , lips , chest , shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , chest , shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , chest , shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to months after the last remicade injection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems : - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and blistering skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than one % of the treatment therapy . these reactions are more likely to occur during the first intravenous weeks of treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and blistering skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than one % of the treatment area . the skin reactions can become blisters and blistering , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than peeling_and_shedding_(exfoliating)_skin % of the a_live_vaccine surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : - liver damage - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and blistering skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 2 % of the a_live_vaccine surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : - liver damage - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and blistering skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 2 % of the a_live_vaccine surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : - liver damage - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and blistering skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 2 % of the a_live_vaccine surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : - liver damage - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and blistering skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 2 % of the a_live_vaccine surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported in patients taking rasagiline_mylan : the most common side effects seen in clinical studies ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) placebo may also cause serious side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - excessive growth of the ovaries , - numbness , light - headedness , headache , low blood pressure and a fall in blood pressure . these symptoms can be symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome . symptoms may include : - numbness , light - headedness , headache - low blood pressure . these symptoms can be symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome . these symptoms are usually reversible , but can be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . the following side effects have also been reported in patients taking rasagiline_mylan : very common : side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - abnormal dreams - decreased appetite - abnormal dreams - decreased appetite - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - numbness or impaired sensation in hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - decreased weight - abnormal dreams - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth inflammation ( stomatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - acne - joint stiffness - abnormal dreams - abnormal dreams - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - lip ( redness of the skin ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - acne - joint stiffness - abnormal abnormal dreams - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - blocked nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - lip irritation ( rhinitis ) - acne - joint disorder - abnormal vaginal bleeding - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - blocked nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - acne - joint stiffness - abnormal protein in the urine - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - blocked nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - acne - joint stiffness - abnormal periods - abnormal dreams - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - blocked nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - acne - joint stiffness - abnormal periods - abnormal dreams - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - blocked nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - acne - joint stiffness - abnormal periods - abnormal dreams - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - blocked nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - lip irritation ( rhinitis ) - presence of fluid in the belly ( oedema ) - joint stiffness - abnormal abnormal dreams - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - lip swelling ( oedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - red skin ( erythema ) - abnormal protein decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - blocked nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - red skin ( erythema ) - abnormal protein decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - lip ( redness of the skin ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - red skin ( pruritus ) - acne -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking hulio and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or swelling ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , headache , runny nose , nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , heart_burn , abdominal swelling , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , night sweats , abdominal swelling , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , mouth sores , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , taste disturbance , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , taste disturbance , - abdominal swelling , indigestion , bloating , intestinal burn , dry mouth , - swelling of the limbs , collection of fluid around the legs or arms , night sweats , hair loss , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in red blood cell count , bruising , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience allergic reactions , such as breathing difficulties , wheezing or breathing difficulties . these could be symptoms of an allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by breathing difficulties , wheezing and breathing difficulties sometimes with symptoms such as coma , irregular heart beat , feeling anxious , fast heart beat , sweating , disorientation , fast heart rate , angina , irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , flushing , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , reflux , stomach pain , bloating , passing wind , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , bloating , passing wind , night sweats , night sweats , muscle_aches , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle cramp , spasms or fatty_lumps , dark or brown urine , abnormal skin colouration or other parts of the skin , dry or dry skin , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , passing gas , nausea , vomiting , reflux of stomach lining , stomach pain , bloating , passing wind , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , acid_reflux , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or fatty_lumps , dark or brown urine , abnormal or change in skin colour , increased sweating , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , mouth sores , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , difficulty walking , muscle aches , spasms or stiffness , dark or brown urine , abnormal or change in skin colour , increased sensitivity of skin to light , dry or dry skin , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , passing gas , nausea , vomiting , reflux of stomach lining , stomach discomfort , bloating , passing wind , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , bloating , loss of appetite , dark urine , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing or keeping an erection , spasms , muscle twitching , painful or painful skin sensation , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , passing gas , nausea , vomiting , reflux of stomach lining , stomach discomfort , bloating , passing wind , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or fatty_lumps , dark or brown urine , abnormal or abnormal skin sensation , increased sensitivity to light , dry skin , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , passing gas , nausea , vomiting , reflux of stomach lining , stomach discomfort , bloating , passing wind , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or fatty_lumps , dark or brown urine , abnormal or abnormal skin sensation , increased sensitivity to light , dry skin , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , passing gas , nausea , vomiting , reflux of stomach lining , stomach discomfort , bloating , passing wind , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or fatty_lumps , dark or brown urine , abnormal or abnormal skin sensation , increased sensitivity of skin to light , dry or dry skin , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , passing gas , nausea , vomiting , reflux of stomach lining , stomach discomfort , bloating , passing wind , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or fatty_lumps , dark or brown urine , abnormal or abnormal skin sensation , increased sensitivity to light , dry skin , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , passing gas , nausea , vomiting , reflux of stomach lining , stomach discomfort , bloating , passing wind , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or fatty_lumps , dark or brown urine , abnormal or abnormal skin sensation , increased sensitivity to light , dry skin , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , passing gas , nausea , vomiting , reflux of stomach lining , stomach discomfort , bloating , passing wind , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , bloating ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop taking erleada and contact your doctor immediately : skin rash ( which may affect up to symptoms , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction , see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : skin rash ( which may affect up to symptoms , which may be life - threatening ) - heart problems , such as shortness of breath or chest chest_pain - these may be signs of heart failure . - heart attack . your doctor will advise you how to treat any changes in your blood pressure . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - tired or tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - tired or tired - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - decreased weight - decreased appetite - decreased weight - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) with symptoms such as skin_rash , falls - abnormal heart rhythm - fit , increased heart rate ( fit ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( fit ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt interval ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and qt interval ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the levels of electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the levels of electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the levels of electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram and creatine phosphokinase ) - changes in the levels of heart enzymes ( electrocardiogram ) in the blood ( qt prolongation ) in the beginning of treatment ( may affect up to an_ecg in 1 , 000 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - high or decreased appetite symptoms - skin rash - peeling of the skin - blisters - peeling of the outer layer of the body - coughing up blood , your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with erleada . - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes - fever - falls - increased heart rate - fit - cardiac arrest ( fit ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - changes in the way the heart beats ( electrocardiogram ) - reduced function of the heart function ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal blood test results for electrocardiogram ( an enzyme found in the urine ) - abnormal blood test results for electrocardiogram ( an enzyme found in the urine ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( electrocardiogram in the urine ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( electrocardiogram in the urine ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( electrocardiogram ) in the urine ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the way the heart beats ( electrocardiogram
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , facial flushing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tooth disorder , tooth disorder , stuffy nose , sinus infection , dizziness , drowsiness , irritability , visual disturbances , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , ringing in the ears , stuffy nose , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , difficulty in sleeping , abnormal dreams , redness_of_the_eye sensation of tingling or numbness in hands and feet , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , pain_in_extremity , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , cough , pain in the extremities , feeling jittery , feeling jittery . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , sinus disorder , sinus infection , fungal infection , dry mouth , sinus disorder , sinus infection , sinus infection , runny nose , red skin , skin discolouration , itching , skin_redness skin , hair loss , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , ringing in the ears , muscle spasms , reduced sense of touch , pain in the limbs , swelling of the extremities ( fatigue ), fatigue and pain in the extremities . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain , feeling unwell , viral infection , runny nose , abnormal dreams , sinus infection , sinus infection , runny nose , red skin , skin discolouration , itching , skin_redness skin skin , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , ringing in the ears , muscle spasms , reduced sense of touch , pain in extremity , pain in the extremities , fatigue , pain in the extremities , fatigue , pain_in_extremity pain in the extremities . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain , feeling unwell , ringing in the ears , runny nose , abnormal liver function tests , runny nose , abnormal sense of taste , skin discolouration , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , ringing in the ears , muscle spasms , reduced sense of touch , pain in extremity , muscle spasms , reduced sense of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common problems of diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) severe infection of the lung ( e . g . fever , chills , burning sensation , pain in extremity ) blood clots in the blood vessels ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . feeling sleepy or tired , passing little or no water , fast heart beat feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water , fast heart beat feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water , fast heart beat feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water , fast heart beat feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water , fast heart beat feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water , urine in the chest , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water retention , protein in the urine , or other changes in your blood sugar levels ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment dizziness rash uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment dizziness rash uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment dizziness rash uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , upset stomach , indigestion , nasal discomfort , upset stomach , indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( urinary tract infection ), urinary tract infection , fatigue ( chest pain , pain , swelling , redness or itching ) at the injection site , decreased number of red blood cells , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning or pricking , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence ( fatigue ), chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , low red blood cell count , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning or pricking , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence ( fatigue ), chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , low red blood cell count , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence ( fatigue ), chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , increase in white blood cells , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence ( fatigue ), chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site - increase in white blood cells , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching - high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of fatigue ) - chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site - increase in white blood cells - weight loss , decreased appetite - anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching - itching - high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of fatigue ) - chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site - increase in white blood cells - weight loss , decreased appetite - anxiety , depression - anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching - itching - high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination - fatigue - chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site - increase in white blood cells - weight loss , decreased appetite - anxiety , depression - anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , flushing , skin rash , nasal congestion , blocked nose , blocked or blocked nose , acne , skin skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking mvasi and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause a rash or shivering . feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . the most common side effects of bevacizumab are symptoms and symptoms may include : irregular heartbeat , headaches , confusion , or changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may lead to a stroke or a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if you develop partial loss of vision , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . symptoms of too high blood sugar these normally appear gradually . they can include : headaches , confusion , or changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may lead to a loss of vision . if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the treatment of chemotherapy . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether bevacizumab must be stopped . other side effects when bevacizumab is taken together with chemotherapy may be symptoms and symptoms of nerve disorders : headaches , confusion , or changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may lead to loss of vision , which may be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly when you start taking bevacizumab . if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . bevacizumab treatment can cause the body to produce antibodies to insulin , which could be life threatening or cause : - increased brain enzymes - headaches , confusion , or changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may lead to a loss of vision in one or both eyes . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether bevacizumab must be stopped . other side effects with bevacizumab may include : - inability to resist the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your brain ) - headaches , confusion , or changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), - if you notice any changes in your vision , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when bevacizumab is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : - very common side effects ( may affect more than bevacizumab in brain people ) - headaches , confusion , changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), - if you notice any changes in your vision , tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms : - a severe infection called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - difficulty breathing or shortness of breath with or without cough - coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a serious condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome which may be a sign of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - dehydration , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , thoughts of suicide , irregular heartbeat , speech disturbances , difficulty speaking , irritability , lightheadedness or lightheadedness , which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in your brain or arrhythmia ( arrhythmia or arrhythmia ), difficulty sleeping , anxiety , slurred_speech , difficulty speaking , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , or a change in your mood or behaviour . symptoms of a condition known as a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal . - fever , chills , breathlessness , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation or speech problems , fits and disorientation . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia . - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , eye disorders , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , and a change in your mood or loss of consciousness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbances , fits or disorientation , - fits , irregular heartbeat , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including herpes infections - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , eye disorders , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , and a change in your mood or loss of consciousness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbances , irregular heartbeat , and sudden decrease in blood pressure and accelerated heartbeat . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain , including arrhythmia or arrhythmia . - difficulty sleeping , anxiety , eye disorders , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , or a change in your mood or loss of consciousness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation or speech problems - fits , disorientation or hearing things that are not really there , irregular heartbeat , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - infections - reduced number of platelets in your blood - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , eye disorders , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , inflammation of the lung ( symptoms of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ) symptoms of a condition may include fever , chills , breathlessness , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbances , irregular heartbeat , and sudden decrease or loss of hearing .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop taking januvia and tell your doctor immediately . a serious allergic reaction characterised by hives , blisters , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking pioglitazone and have also been reported in male patients ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , 64 headache , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , flatulence 64 , constipation , stomach ache , diarrhoea , flatulence 64 , constipation , stomach ache , stomach ache , diarrhoea , flatulence 64 , constipation , stomach ache , diarrhoea , flatulence 64 , constipation , stomach ache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , erectile dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ), general feeling of being unwell . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , dry mouth , osteoarthritis , inflammation of the skin , stomach discomfort , flatulence ( itching ), elevated liver function tests , kidney stones , dialysis ( joint pain ), muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ). if you do not respond to unconscious , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions were described below and will occur during treatment with giotrif . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with treatment . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling , pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ) - decreased number of platelets in blood ( uncommon ). - low level of calcium in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) or in the liver . in a small number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood . this is a very common side effect and may affect more than 1 in 10 people . - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling , pain , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ) - respiratory tract infection . - accumulation of fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). - changes in the levels of some liver enzymes in the blood ( bilirubin and urea in the blood that would be detected during blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in a liver enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). if you develop a skin rash , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or discontinue treatment . your doctor will instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with giotrif . your doctor will instruct you closely during treatment and during treatment during treatment . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling , pain , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ) - respiratory tract infection . - accumulation of fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). - changes in the levels of some liver enzymes in the blood ( bilirubin and urea in the blood that would be detected during blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in a liver enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). if you develop a skin rash , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or discontinue treatment . your doctor will instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with giotrif . your doctor will instruct you closely during treatment and during treatment
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking orkambi and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - shortness of breath , cough , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , inflamed stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , - loss of appetite , - headache , - abnormal liver function tests , - increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash and redness . the side effects listed below have been observed when ivacaftor was given in combination with ivacaftor : serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - shortness of breath , cough , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , inflamed stomach or stomach ache , - abdominal pain , - loss of appetite , - headache , - abnormal liver function tests , - increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash and redness . the side effects listed below have been observed when ivacaftor was given in combination . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and itching symptoms include swelling of your face , heart attack , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , fast heart rate , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , irregular heartbeat , or irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of a heart attack ) feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of nerve problems ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of nerve disorders ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of nerve problems ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of irregular heart beat ) such as fast heart beat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of nerve problems ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of nerve problems ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of nerve problems ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , fever , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of nerve problems ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - severely elevated blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to twisting_of_ovaries . - heart attack ( 2 ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). - swelling in the face and throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you develop a skin pain or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , with swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - local injection site reactions ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , irritation , bruising or pain ) 37 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( 2 ) - blood clots in your blood vessels ( venous thromboembolism ) may occur rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - allergic reactions ( ohss , stroke , heart attack , stroke ) see also section 2 under ' if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking ovaleap and see a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ): - if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following : signs of allergic skin reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , itchy or red spots on the skin ), itchy rash , fever , flu - like symptoms , liver problems ( pancreatitis ), frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) gallstones . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , 51 - musculoskeletal pain , - abnormally low levels of white blood cells and platelets flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , headache , fever , chills , weakness , chills , inability to sleep , depression , hallucinations , confusion , confusion - excessive muscle tension , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), - collection of pus in the eye , abnormal or abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal or reduced sensation , abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal or decreased sensation , abnormal sensation in the eye ( floaters ), visual disturbances , blurred or decreased vision , increased sensitivity to light ( optic tunnel syndrome ) - inflammation of small blood vessels in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), fluid build - up of fluid around the eyes , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , sudden
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 7 or 7 days after 7 days of mvabea ( see section 7 , " what you need to know before you take mvabea "): the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling where the injection is given itching , pain , warmth and swelling at the injection site 7 . 7 cm ( may affect more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) swelling , abnormal sensation in the skin where the injection was given itching , warmth and itching where the injection is given 17 than 39 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , abnormal swelling of the skin where the injection was given , itching , warmth and itching where the injection is given . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling or non - healing rash on the area of the injection area ( itching , warmth or itching ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing problems ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) toxic epidermal necrolysis ( excess protein in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is most likely to occur at the end of this leaflet . most of these side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain , weakness or shivering low blood pressure , which may be a sign of a low level of blood platelets ( shown in blood tests ) high level of " bilirubin " in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) decreased bile pigment in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding in the stomach or intestine change in colour of your nails or small intestine ; difficulty in swallowing or mouth pain or inflammation in the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood tests showing liver problems not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reaction that may include a combination of breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , visual disturbances , vision changes , seeing or hearing things that are not there ( macular_oedema ), breathlessness , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). the following other side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - blurred vision ( cloudy vision ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) - blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : 1 in breathing with wheezing when using this medicine . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) if you have a seizure , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects have been reported with temybric_ellipta : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a sore throat - change in your sense of taste - wheezing - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision - a blocked nose ( conjunctivitis ) 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - reduction in blood pressure ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( pericarditis ) 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - reduction in blood pressure ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( pericarditis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - infection of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - change in taste ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( pericarditis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( pericarditis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( pericarditis ) 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : anaphylaxis may cause a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), you must tell your doctor immediately if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swollen face , lips , tongue or throat which may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction ), if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and you should tell your doctor immediately and inform your doctor immediately . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with zinforo . this will help reduce the likelihood that the number of white blood cells is neutropenia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). neutropenia , a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( neutropenia ) and a decrease of platelets may be involved in your blood cells ( neutropenia ). your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of your blood cells ( neutropenia ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure that your white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) and a decrease in the number of neutropenia ( a type of white blood cells ) in your blood . fever , sore throat , swollen face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), if you develop a severe allergic reaction , or if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by high blood levels of platelets and phosphate , and low blood levels of creatinine ). see your doctor right away if you have any of the following : fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers , swelling of your lips , face , lips or tongue , or a severe allergic reaction . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ). you should tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), if you develop a severe allergic reaction , or if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by high blood levels of platelets and phosphate ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain at the site of injection feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain or irritation where the injection is given , itching , bruising , swelling or irritation where the injection is given low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) an increase in the number of platelets in your blood ( which may antibiotic be detected during blood tests ) antibiotic not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood called creatinine that help the blood to clot ( leucopenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood , which may increase the risk of your white blood cells ( platelets ) increase in the level of some liver enzymes in the blood called creatinine that help the blood to clot ( leucopenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood , which may be a sign of creatinine increase in the level of creatinine in your blood , which may increase the risk of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood , which may be a sign of creatinine increase in the level of creatinine in your blood , which may increase the risk of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood , which may be a sign of creatinine increase in the level of creatinine in your blood , which may increase the risk of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood , which may be a sign of fever , sore throat , swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( angioedema ) - severe skin reactions ( keratitis ) with blister and peeling skin , or pain in the abdomen ( jaundice ) that can be potentially life - threatening ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - liver failure - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( keratitis ) - rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - liver failure , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with an allergic reactions such as rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - liver failure . - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) with yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with ketoacidosis ( type of white blood cells ). - sleepiness , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ) have been reported . if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the same place , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . some of the side effects gets serious or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need medical treatment : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infections - sweating - sore throat - runny nose - abnormal blood test results ( decreased white blood cell count ) - hypertension common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood clotting disorders , flu - like symptoms , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , thoughts of suicide , memory problems , clumsiness , memory impairment , ringing in the ears , falling asleep , falling asleep or falling asleep , loss of consciousness , collapse , pneumonia , runny or stuffy nose , sore throat , heartburn , retching , wind , wind , dry mouth , wind , retching , dry mouth , - difficulty in swallowing , - swelling of limbs , face , lips , tongue or limbs , muscle weakness , neck pain , bone pain , inability to obtain or maintain an erection weight loss , increased appetite , weight gain - muscular weakness , stiffness , numbness , weakness , feeling hot reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( sepsis ) have been reported in patients receiving zytiga . signs of sepsis ( sepsis ) have been reported . if you experience any of these , stop using zytiga and tell your doctor immediately : - sepsis ( sepsis ) may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - skin rash , difficulty swallowing or breathing , or a severe rash with whole - body inflammatory response ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other types of sepsis ( arrhythmia ). urinary tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - life - threatening allergic reaction , high blood pressure , heart attack , heart_attack heart failure , chest pain or breathing , coughing up blood , fluid around the heart - skin rash or rash . some serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients treated with zytiga . - serious allergic reactions ( sepsis ). - sepsis ( sepsis ) which may cause arrhythmia or heart attack , chest pain , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical activity of the heart ( qt_prolongation ) and heart failure . - slow heart rate . - high blood pressure . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - low blood pressure . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - high blood pressure . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations . - fast heart rate . - heart attack . - fast heart rate . - palpitations
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart_failure ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in stroke , 000 people ) with symptoms such as blood in the urine , reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red and white blood cells ), increase in white blood cells ( platelets ), decrease in the number of red blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) and / or a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood , which may lead to shock . diabetic ketoacidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for platelets , red blood cells and platelets , red blood cells and / or white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in the number of certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) and / or white blood cells ( e . g . platelets , red blood cells ), decreased number of white blood cells , decreased number of platelets in the blood ( seen in blood tests ), excess of white blood cells , decrease in white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in the number of certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in white blood cells , platelets , red blood cells and platelet count ( seen in blood tests ), increase in white blood cells , decrease in white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in the number of certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in white blood cells , decrease in white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in the number of certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), decrease in white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in the number of certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), decrease in the number of platelets , red blood cells and / or white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets , red blood cells and platelet count ( aplastic anaemia ), decrease in the number of red blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), decreased number of white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets which may cause shock . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased number of white blood cells , decreased number of white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets which may cause changes in the amount of red blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , platelets , red blood cells and platelet count . decrease in red blood cells , decrease in blood platelets which may increase the chance of infection , reduction in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( seen in tests ) decreases in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and / or platelets ( red blood cells ), increase in white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets which may cause shock . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke , heart attack , emotional instability , decreased sexual drive , problems with sexual functioning including failure of the urinary tract , urinary tract infections , fungal infection , headache , vomiting , nausea , feeling sick , wounds , nervous system problems such as numbness , tingling , prickling or prickling sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , collection of fluid in the eye , fluid in the eye , ear pain , ear pain and inflammation of the eye , itching , itchy skin , increased sweating , night sweats muscle cramps , muscle spasms , blood in urine , frequent urination , frequent urination , general discomfort , fever , low blood pressure , reduction in blood cells , increase in white blood cells and increase of white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) and increased levels of uric acid in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , platelets , red
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during an ritemvia infusion , it can be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop your paracetamol if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and talk to your doctor or get medical help immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common : the following may affect more than side-effects in 10 people reactions , such as passing water less frequently , feeling like and short of breath , vomiting , vomit , nausea and feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ). if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your chest and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your chest and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience any signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . if you notice any of the above signs or side effects , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives since the consequences could become serious . this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). decreased levels of calcium in the blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , runny or stuffy nose and uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for kinzalmono . serious side effects of kinzalmono : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , cough , cardiac failure ( shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , weakness and increased feeling of heaviness in the chest . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ), thrombocytopenia ( low red blood cell count ), difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome ( myalgia ), kidney disorder , acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), a decrease in the levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), a decrease in the levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome ( myalgia ), kidney disorder , acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), a decrease in the levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ); a decrease in the levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ); a decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ); a decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ); a decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ); decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( eosinophilia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) symptoms include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , chills , low blood pressure and treatment with afstyla . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . between infusions of factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . bleeding at the injection site may include bleeding , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , dizziness , low blood pressure , dizziness low blood pressure , dizziness , chills low blood pressure , symptoms of allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ), difficulty in breathing , wheezing or hives . low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) wheezing and difficulty in breathing , wheezing and hives . symptoms of allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , hives or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , hives or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , hives or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , hives or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , hives or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) may include hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) such as
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : severe rash ( sepsis ) that may be a sign of an infection of the lung ( sepsis ) have been reported . it is not known exactly how often these events occur . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . with symptoms such as : - unusual bleeding or bleeding , bruising , sleepiness , confusion , convulsions , or partial_loss_of_vision , - inflammation of the lining around the heart ( atrial fibrillation ), or atrial fibrillation ( palpitations ) - palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) - pneumonia ( bronchitis ) - bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - pneumonia ( bronchitis ) - bronchitis - fluid retention ( oedema ) - fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - peripheral oedema ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - pneumonia ( bronchitis ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) - fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - swelling of the feet ( oedema ) - peripheral oedema ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , redness of the face , hives , difficulty in breathing , or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , talk to a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach ache , reflux , muscle aches , pain in arms and legs , facial flushing , headache and dizziness . other side effects have been reported with cialis : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , heart attack , chest pain , angina ( angina ) angina , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or stomach pain , pain_in_arms_and_legs , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of reflux , muscle aches , pain in extremities , back pain , stiffness in limbs , arms or legs , sudden decrease in blood pressure and low blood pressure ( low blood pressure ), low blood pressure , low blood pressure , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach juices , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux , muscle aches , pain in arms or legs , back pain , stiffness in muscles , arms or legs , sudden feeling of faintness , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , immediately of standing , sudden or loss of consciousness , other side effects that have been reported with the use of cialis : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach ache - reflux or muscle aches - pain in joints - hot flushes - headache - dizziness . other side effects the following side effects have been reported with cialis : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure ; - heart attack ; - chest pain ; - fast or uneven heart beat ; - high blood pressure ; - low blood pressure ; - nasal congestion ; - vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or reflux of stomach juices to the stomach ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; vomiting ; reflux of stomach juices to the stomach ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; vomiting ; reflux of stomach juices to the indigestion ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; vomiting ; reflux of reflux of stomach , muscle aches , pain in limbs , back , limbs , joints , limbs , joints , limbs , joints , muscles and bones ; - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) or having a feeling of low blood pressure . - low blood pressure ; - cough ; - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ; diarrhoea ; stomach ache ; - pain_in_arms_and_legs ; - back pain , - back pain ; - painful urination ; - painful urination ; - painful urination ; - prolonged and / or painful urination ; - low blood pressure ; - low blood pressure ; - swelling of arms , legs , ankles or feet ; other side effects the following other side effects have been reported : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - high blood pressure ; - heart attack ; - chest pain ; - changes in heart rate ; angina - high blood pressure ; - low blood pressure ; nasal congestion ; - vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or reflux of stomach juices to the stomach ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; vomiting ; reflux of reflux of stomach ; muscle aches , back pain ; - painful limbs ; - painful urination ; - painful urination ; - painful urination and / or uncontrolled joints ; - sudden onset of symptoms such as new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; other side effects seen with rivastigmine transdermal patches and which may occur with the hard capsules : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure ; - heart attack ; - chest pain ; - tightening of blood vessels ( angina ) - angina ; high blood pressure ; - low blood pressure ; nasal congestion ; - vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or reflux of stomach juices to the stomach ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; vomiting ; reflux of reflux of stomach , muscle aches ; - back pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and patients should stop taking enyglid and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). see a doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as stomach pain , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , sweating and anaphylactic shock . these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as stomach pain , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , sweating and anaphylactic shock . these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . the most common side effect ( hypoglycaemia ): other side effects hypoglycaemia ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): accumulation of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ). if you develop symptoms such as swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). see a doctor straight away if you get symptoms such as stomach pain , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , sweating and anaphylactic shock ( this may be a sign of anaphylactic reaction ). the most common side effect ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , infection of the respiratory tract , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the skin ( cellulitis ), blood in the urine ( hypotension ), weight loss , decreased appetite . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heartbeat , mood changes , heartbeat , restlessness , brain inflammation in the mouth , roof_of_your_mouth ( in the gut ), increase in certain white blood cells ( e . g . abnormal kidney function ), kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , inflammation of the gall bladder , rash in the face , swollen face , swollen tongue reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ( runny or runny nose ), abdominal pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , dry mouth , hives ( nettle - rash ), muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : allergy , eye eye infection , blocking of the iris , localised swelling of the front part of the iris ( iris and the iris ), localised or spots in the centre of the iris , localised or spots in your vision ( floaters ), damage to the clear layer of the eyeball ( retinal iris ), damage to the clear layer of the iris , swelling of the eyelid , swelling of the inside of the nose and mouth , swelling of the inside of the face and mouth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) redness of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the front part of the eyeball ( the iris ) have been observed . damage to the clear layer in the eyeball and iris . damage to the clear layer at the front of the body . general disorders : damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye , swelling of the eyelid and eyelid . swelling caused by fluid build - up in the kidneys . eye pain , burning , inflammation of the skin and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ), presence of spots on the surface of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), damage to the clear layer of the iris . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the skin caused by fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the gel - like substance inside the front part of the eye ( uvea ). damage to the clear layer in the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ). damage to the clear layer of the eyeball and iris . damage to the clear layer at the front of the brain . general disorders : burning and inflammation of the conjunctiva , eye pain , burning , painful or painful sores in the limbs and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina , red spots on the surface of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , visual halos , burning , painful or itchy eyes and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ), detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina , blood clots in the veins of the surface of the eye ( small particles in the front part of the iris and pupil ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the skin caused by fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the gel - like substance inside the front part of the eye ( uvea ). damage to the clear layer in the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ). damage to the clear layer at the front of the brain . general disorders : burning and inflammation of the conjunctiva , eye pain , burning , painful or painful sores in the limbs and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina , red spots on the surface of the eye ) and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer in the iris and pupil of the iris and the iris ). cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). damage to the tiny layer of the front part of the eye . swelling caused by fluid build - up in the kidneys . eye disorders : burning , inflammation of small areas of the white of the white of the eye ( small particles in the front part of the iris and iris ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the fatty tissue under the skin . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the gel - like substance inside the eye . damage to the clear layer in the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ). damage to the clear layer in the iris . damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - injection site reactions ( such as pain , swelling , redness or itching_of_the_skin ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , gastroenteritis ( sinusitis ), headache , stomach ache , constipation , nausea , stomach ache - liver function tests abnormal , abnormal liver function tests - decreased appetite , night sweats , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling ( paraesthesia ) - tiredness ( malaise ) - blurred vision - visual disturbances - ringing in the ears - vertigo ( sensation of whirling motion ) - back pain - bloodshot eyes ( conjunctivitis ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - difficulty passing urine - back pain - leakage of urine ( urinary retention ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - difficulty in passing urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - muscle spasms - changes in the way things taste - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - muscle spasms - changes in the way things taste - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - difficulty urinating - abnormal blood test results for liver function - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( thrombocytopenia ) - low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , malaise ( malaise ) - swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - difficulty in swallowing - itchy skin rash - itchy skin - acne - redness of the skin - acne - passing wind ( swollen face ) - excess of fluid in the abdomen , difficulty in passing or maintaining an erection ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - muscle spasms - changes in the way things taste - vertigo - difficulty in passing urine - increase in liver enzymes - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( thrombocytopenia ) - low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) - low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) - low blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or phlebitis ( swollen purple spots in the skin ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , malaise , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing , hives ( itchy rash ) - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( hives ) - itchy skin , acne - like rash on the skin - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema ) - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema ) - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema ) - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema multiforme ) - difficulty in passing urine - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( pruritus ) - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema ) - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema nodosum ) - difficulty in passing urine - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - thickening of the outer layer of the skin , dry skin , acne - raised itchy rash on the skin - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema ) - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema ) - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema ) - itching - itchy skin - acne ( pruritus ) - excess of fluid in the face , hands , feet and ankles ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - difficulty in urinating - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( pruritus ) - acne - raised itchy rash on the skin ( erythema multiforme ) - difficulty in passing urine - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - difficulty in passing urine - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ) it is known that side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide may increase with higher doses of hydrochlorothiazide .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of adasuve alone are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the levels of some blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lack of energy , feeling sleepy , increased blood pressure - fainting , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , changes in your blood pressure and confusion - problems with balance , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in blood pressure and fainting , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness or dizziness , dizziness , decreased consciousness and confusion . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of a high level of sugar in the blood , such as dizziness or feeling thirsty ; feeling sleepy ; - increased blood pressure ; - asthma ; - shortness of breath , cough ; - light - headedness ; fainting ; faintness ; dizziness ; - decreased consciousness ; confusion ; tell your doctor straight away ; - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , infection of the respiratory tract , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , nasal congestion ( nasal congestion ) common side effects ( may affect up to bleeding_in_the_stomach in 100 people ) serious infection ( bacteria or sepsis ) low level of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) high level of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) excess of eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood feeling tired feeling weak or tired ( shaking ) asthenia ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling thirsty - somnolence ( especially in the hair ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) feeling weak ( asthenia ) feeling weak ( asthenia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious infection in the blood caused by bacteria ( sepsis ) low level of potassium in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) high level of " eosinophils " a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) in the blood feeling tired feeling tired or tired ( shaking ) asthenia ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ) shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) phosphorus in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( feeling of somnolence , somnolence ) asthenia ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) blood clots in the blood vessels ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( feeling of somnolence , somnolence or asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) high blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling anxious ( somnolence ) feeling of tiredness ( fatigue ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious infection in the blood caused by infection ( sepsis ) low level of potassium in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) high level of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood feeling tired feeling tired ( tired ) shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling anxious ( somnolence ) shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in your blood phosphorus ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( feeling of somnolence , somnolence or asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) blood clots in the blood vessels ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( feeling of somnolence , somnolence or asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) high blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling anxious ( somnolence ) feeling of tiredness ( fatigue ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious infection ( bacteria or sepsis ) low level of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) low numbers of cells called platelets that help the blood to clot ( platelets ) infection of the urinary tract infection feeling tired , tired , shaking or asthenia ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( phosphorus , phosphorus or phosphorus ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ) shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) phosphorus in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ) shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) blood clots in the blood vessels ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( feeling of somnolence , somnolence or asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) blood clots in the blood vessels ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling somnolence ( somnolence ) lack of energy ( somnolence ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious infection in the blood caused by infection ( sepsis ) low level of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) in your blood ( cells that help blood to clot ) fluid retention feeling tired feeling weak , tired or shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( phosphorus , phosphorus or phosphorus ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ) shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) phosphorus in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache nausea ( dyspepsia ) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea diarrhoea abdominal pain , headache joint pain , lack of energy ( anorexia ) joint pain , changes in passing urine ( urinary retention ) joint pain 34 dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) cough cough indigestion ( dyspepsia ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting diarrhoea abdominal pain joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation_of_the_stomach_(gastritis) cough abnormal liver function tests itching disturbance in sense of taste cough 34 inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain sexual dysfunction stomach pain spinning sensation low level of potassium in the blood dizziness not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness runny nose abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting stomach pain , joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 increased sweating abnormal liver function tests itching of 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 constipation abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests itching of 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 constipation abdominal pain haemorrhoids ( muscle pain ) spinning sensation low level of sodium in the blood dizziness not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness runny nose abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) passing gas stomach pain , joint pain urinary tract infection vomiting 34 not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the mouth and throat , which may be associated with passing water ( urinary tract infection ) chest pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) 34 34 side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the upper abdomen ( abdomen ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting flatulence ( flatulence ) constipation abdominal pain joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 joint pain 34 1 sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 constipation abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests itching of 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ( hypotension ) joint pain 34 joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) passing gas stomach pain , joint pain urinary tract infection vomiting 34 not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) alteration in taste pain in mouth and throat stomach pain , joint pain alteration in sense of taste joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 constipation abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests itching of 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) abnormal dreams joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 constipation abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests itching of 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) abnormal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low red blood cell count ( fever ), chills , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of some blood cells ). fever , chills , weakness ( drowsiness ), headache , low blood pressure , fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the infusion . you may feel faint or develop an allergic reaction to varuby . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction : if you develop an allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately : - an allergic reaction - the symptoms may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after this medicine . - if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of these symptoms : - muscle cramping , weakness , tenderness or weakness - weakness , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you feel unwell , your doctor may tell you to stop using varuby . - an allergic reaction : these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness or weakness - weakness , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . - if you feel unwell , your doctor may tell you to stop using varuby . - an allergic reaction . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness or weakness - weakness , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . you may feel light - headed or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction . these symptoms can be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction which may include : - muscle cramping , weakness , tenderness or weakness - weakness , tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you feel unwell during or after this medicine . - if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of these symptoms : - muscle cramping , weakness , tenderness or weakness - weakness , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . - if you feel unwell , your doctor may tell you to stop using varuby . - an allergic reaction . symptoms include : - muscle cramping - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel faint or feel unwell . - an allergic reaction . these symptoms can be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction which may include : - muscle cramping , weakness , tenderness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after this medicine . if you feel unwell your doctor will tell you how to treat an allergic reaction . if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel faint or have a high temperature it may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of these symptoms : - muscle cramping , weakness , tenderness or weakness - weakness , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . - if you feel unwell early symptoms of an allergic reaction : - if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of these symptoms : - muscle cramping - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor will tell you how to treat an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - muscle cramping - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - muscle cramping - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - muscle cramping - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - muscle cramping - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - muscle cramping - weakness , tenderness , weakness , or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), throwing up ( loss of strength ) muscle spasms , muscle spasm , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased white blood cell count ( candidiasis ) candidiasis ( when you can feel your mouth ), pain or burning in the chest ( urinary tract infection ), headache , fluid retention ( oedema ) muscle and joint pain ( urinary tract infection ) headache joint and muscle pain ( musculoskeletal pain ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ), hoarseness , oral thrush ( hoarseness ), candidiasis ( e . g . skin rash , burning sensation when passing urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the lungs ( cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : suicidal thoughts ( see section 2 ) may occur very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). allergy may cause serious damage to your skin and the skin . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache sleepiness feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling tired , lack of energy ( fatigue ) feeling tired common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergy , allergy , pain , headache feeling hot , pain in the hands or feet feeling tired , feeling tired , headache , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache feeling tired blood in stool , kidney stones , urinary incontinence , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing muscle and / or joint swelling abnormal liver function test swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling , muscle or muscle tingling , tingling , feeling drowsy , sleepy , feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , feeling very sleepy , difficulty in concentrating , tingling or numbness of the ears ( uncommon side effect ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy or dizzy , feeling sleepy , dry skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling nervous , feeling like you are having a muscle disorder , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) cough dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth excessive sweating , excessive sweating , loss of movement , abnormal sensation in the skin , abnormal sensation or tingling of the skin , altered taste , tingling sensation 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 altered taste ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , dry mouth , changes in muscle tone , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal taste , vertigo , increased tear production , vertigo , temporary loss of vision 37 - ringing or buzzing in the ears , spinning sensation 37 - taste disturbance , vertigo , temporary loss of vision 37 - ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ), - spinning sensation ( vertigo ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more zelboraf . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , feeling tired , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , chills , a feeling of weakness , fever , chills , feeling tired , abnormal liver function test , serious allergic reactions . if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions . if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness ( frequency of frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). severe kidney problems . if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness ( frequency of frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). severe kidney problems . if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness ( frequency of frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). severe kidney problems . if you notice any of the following symptoms : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness and difficulty in breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ): - severe allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness and difficulty in breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness and difficulty in breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ): - severe allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness and difficulty in breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness and difficulty in breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness and difficulty in breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ): - severe allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , swelling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - back in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin '). - side effects : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anaemia which may cause low blood sugar , anaemia , low blood sugar , headache , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin_allergy ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , spasm or spasm , irritability , nervousness , extreme tiredness , low blood pressure , palpitations , stuffy nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing , stuffy nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , intestinal_gas red , dry nose , indigestion , vomiting , tooth disorder , tooth disorder , hair loss , joint pain , painful joints , joint or muscle pain , back pain , generalised swelling uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , bloated stomach , difficulty swallowing , hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small red spots on the skin , dry skin , excessive sweating , night sweats , sensitivity to light , sensitivity_to_light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , sinus infection , indigestion , vomiting , bloody stools , difficulty swallowing , hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small red spots on the skin , dry skin , excessive sweating , night sweats , joint pain , generalised itching . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , bloated stomach , difficulty swallowing , hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small red spots on the skin , dry skin , excessive sweating , night sweats , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , sinus infection , indigestion , vomiting , bloody stools , difficulty swallowing , hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small red spots on the skin , dry skin , excessive sweating , night sweats , joint swelling , muscle cramps . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people chest pain , palpitations ( irregular heartbeat ), increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , bloated stomach , difficulty swallowing , hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small red spots on the skin , dry skin , excessive sweating , night sweats , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , bleeding in the eyes , runny nose , sore throat , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . the most frequent side effect is reduced red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be associated with the formation of red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be associated with the formation of red blood cells , which can cause weakness , breathlessness , difficult or painful breathing , chest pain , coughing up blood , or coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a life - threatening infection called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your filgrastim_ratiopharm treatment if these reactions are serious . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), occur within the first three days following the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduced number of red blood cells in your blood ( neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ), blood in the urine , muscle fatigue , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), particularly in the first minutes of treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  reduction in the number of white blood cells or in your blood ( neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ), blood in the urine , fatigue , feeling sick ( fatigue ), feeling very hungry ( fatigue ) in the hands and feet . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever feeling sick ( fatigue ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells , in the blood ( neutrophils ) and neutropenia ( increase in blood sugar ). muscle fatigue , fatigue , feeling sick ( fatigue ), becoming sick ( vomiting ). in some cases you may experience a mild reduction in the amount of potassium in your blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  reduction in the number of white blood cells or in your blood ( neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ), blood in the urine , fatigue , feeling sick ( fatigue ), feeling very hungry ( fatigue ). in some cases these may be signs of a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever feeling sick ( fatigue ), being sick ( vomiting ) and a decrease in blood pressure ( hypertension ). tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you notice any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells or in your blood ( called neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ) blood tests may show : increased level of uric acid in the blood , fatigue , accumulation of fluid in the lungs , blood in the urine and urine tests during sleep of treatment . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of red blood cells or in your blood ( called neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ), blood in the urine , fatigue , feeling sick ( fatigue ), feeling very hungry ( fatigue ) in the hands and feet . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells or in your blood ( neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ), blood in the urine , fatigue , feeling sick ( fatigue ), feeling very hungry ( fatigue ) in the hands and feet . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells or in your blood ( neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ), blood in the urine , muscle fatigue , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), being sick ( vomiting ) and a decrease in blood pressure ( hypertension ). tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you notice any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells or in your blood ( called neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ) blood tests may show : increased level of uric acid in the blood , fatigue , accumulation of fluid in the lungs , blood in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by riluzole_zentiva or by other medicines : changes in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the white of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with feeling sick ( sick ), which may be signs of liver problems ( may regular_blood_tests up in blood tests ) in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the white of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). liver problems ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) include : yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). liver problems ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may include yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). liver problems ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may include yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). liver problems ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be signs of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and vertigo ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , injection site pain , itching , rash , bruising , swelling ( vertigo ), swelling ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site pain , bruising , swelling and bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), vertigo ( low blood pressure ) injection site pain , itching , rash , low blood pressure , hives , swelling and / or swelling ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site pain , bruising , swelling and bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), vertigo ( low blood pressure ) injection site pain , itching , rash , low blood pressure , hives , swelling and / or swelling ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site pain , bruising , swelling and bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , swallowing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - vertigo - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching and rash ) - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching , rash ) - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , swelling , swelling and / or bruising ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions - difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - vertigo - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching , rash ) - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching , rash ) - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , swelling , swelling and / or bruising ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions - difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - vertigo - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching , rash ) - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching , rash ) - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , swelling , swelling and / or bruising ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions - difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - vertigo - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching and rash ) - low blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : fever , difficulty in breathing or difficulty in breathing or immediately contact a doctor immediately . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects the other side effects listed below have been observed . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects the other side effects listed below have been observed . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever fever tell a doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects the other side effects listed below have been observed . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : fatigue ( these may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - aching or distended muscles ( abdomen ) - pain in arms or legs - joint pain - thinning ( itching ) - unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - itching common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests - joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning of the mouth - joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning of the mouth , - joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning of the mouth , - joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning of the mouth , - joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning of the mouth , - joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning of the mouth , - joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning of the mouth , - joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning of the mouth , - joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash - itching , dry
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause you to have an allergic reaction to proquad , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as hives , swelling , pain , tenderness or tingling of the skin , irritability , seizures , fever or fever , signs of blood disorders , such as bruising , swelling , pain , redness or soreness of the skin , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain , tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , bruising , swelling , redness or soreness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure and a fall in blood pressure ( which could cause measles - like symptoms such as vomiting and diarrhoea ). low blood pressure ( common ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  nerve pain , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  low red blood cell count , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain of the skin , swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , decreased blood pressure ( possible signs of fluid accumulation in the joint , vomiting , diarrhoea and difficulty in breathing ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  nerve pain , bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea and vomiting . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , bruising , swelling , redness or soreness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure ( possible signs of fluid accumulation in the lung , such as vomiting , diarrhoea or heart attack ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain of the hands or feet swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue ( with or without difficulty in breathing ). if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood . bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain of the hands or feet swelling of the hands , feet , legs , legs , or lips , difficulty in breathing ( e . g . in the mouth or difficulty in breathing ) low blood pressure ( measles - like symptoms ) vomiting and diarrhoea difficulty in sleeping other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood , bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure bruising , bruising , swelling , redness or soreness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure ( possible signs of fluid accumulation in the lungs , such as vomiting , diarrhoea and difficulty in breathing ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain of the hands or feet swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , bruising , swelling , redness or soreness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure ( possible signs of fluid accumulation in the lungs , such as vomiting , diarrhoea and difficulty in breathing ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you : experience signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips or breathing , breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a low level of a specific type of white blood cell ( agranulocytosis ) and a type of white blood cell ( agranulocytosis ) with or without affect the number of this leaflet . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , indigestion , abdominal pain , indigestion - severe constipation - accumulation of fluid in the muscles and groin ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the amount of a substance produced in the muscles and groin ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in a type of white blood cells called agranulocytosis - methotrexate can very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting , indigestion , abdominal pain , indigestion - severe constipation - accumulation of fluid in the muscles and groin ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the amount of a substance produced in the muscles ( a substance produced by the muscles ) - nausea , vomiting , black or bloody stools ( faeces ) - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - inflammation_of_the_throat_or_mouth - tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - collection of fluid in the muscles or muscles in the affected arm or groin - nausea , vomiting , black or bloody stools ( faeces ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis - collection of pus in the groin , groin or groin - nausea , vomiting , bloody stools ( oesophagus ) - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis - swelling in the affected limbs , in the groin , groin or groin - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - dermatitis in the groin - groin or groin - numbness or tingling - tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) - pain in the affected muscles or groin - numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - build - up of fluid in the tissue in the affected arm or leg - numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - collection of fluid in the muscles in the affected arm or leg - numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - collection of fluid in the muscles in the affected arm or leg - numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - collection of fluid in the muscles in the affected arm or leg - numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - collection of fluid in the muscles in the affected arm or leg - numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - collection of fluid in the muscles in the affected arm or leg - numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - collection of fluid in the muscles or muscles in the affected arm or leg - numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - collection of fluid in the muscles or muscles in the affected arm or leg - numbness or tingling - tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) - pain in the affected arm or groin - numbness or tingling - tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) - pain in the affected arm or groin - numbness or tingling - tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) - pain in the affected muscles or groin - numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) - pain in the affected arm or groin - numbness or tingling - tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) - pain in the affected arm or groin - numbness or tingling - tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) - pain in the affected muscles or groin - numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high or low blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) hyperglycaemia , which may be severe or life - threatening . excessive hunger and hunger ( signs of a high temperature ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( possible signs of high levels of sugar in your blood ) hyperglycaemia ( see section 2 ) high or low blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ): excessive hunger , hunger , or other breathing problems low level of oxygen in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ), which may be life threatening and lead to hunger or life - threatening severe rash with rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( frequency not known ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ), which may be a sign of excessive hunger ( febrile neutropenia ) feeling hunger or hunger severe pain in the arms and legs , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( frequency not known ) frequency cannot be estimated from the available data swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during an riximyo infusion , it can be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop your paracetamol if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening allergic reaction are difficulty in breathing , cough , breathing difficulties , nausea and vomiting , loss of appetite . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). symptoms may include feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , loss of appetite . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , loss of appetite . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( anaemia ). - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bleeding or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ) or loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ). - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ) or loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ). - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ) or loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ) or loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ). - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding . - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ). - decreased number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - reduced number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bleeding or bleeding - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness , high levels of triglycerides ( fats ) feeling depressed , feeling confused uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hyperactivity ( high level of activity , restlessness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction where the patch was used , such as blisters or skin inflammation if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused , drowsy or confused , confused , hypertension ( hypertension ), 48 48 48 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused , drowsy or confused , confused , confused , hypertension ( hypertension ), 48 vomiting , pain in the stomach , stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion rash ( pruritus ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle cramps , back pain , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), obstruction of the stomach ( gastritis ), excessive sweating , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), ringing in the ears , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), obstruction of the gums , obstruction of the stomach lining ( gastritis ), hair loss ( alopecia ), excess gas in the stomach or bowel , increase in the amount of enzymes produced by the kidney . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : inflammation of the nose , tongue or throat ( sinusitis ), excess fluid in the abdomen , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), hair loss ( alopecia ), excess fluid in stomach , stomach or intestine , indigestion , constipation , constipation , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), inflammation of the stomach , indigestion , constipation , constipation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , itching ( pruritus ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), mouth sores ( stomatitis ), muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses , swollen tongue or throat ( nasopharyngitis ), infection of the stomach ( gastritis ), excess of fluid in the abdomen , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), hair loss ( alopecia ), excess gas in the stomach or bowel , increase in the amount of enzymes produced by the kidney . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), obstruction of the gums , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , inflammation of the stomach lining of the stomach , indigestion , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , inflammation of the stomach , stomach ulcer , indigestion , constipation , constipation , itching ( pruritus ), rash ( pruritus ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses , swollen tongue or throat ( nasopharyngitis ), infection of the stomach ( gastritis ), excess of fluid in the abdomen , inflammation of the stomach lining of the stomach , indigestion , constipation , constipation , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , thinning) pain in the stomach , stomach or intestine , increase in the amount of some liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), obstruction of the gums , obstruction of the stomach , indigestion , constipation , constipation , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), inflammation of the stomach , indigestion , constipation , constipation , constipation , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , ulcers of the stomach , stomach or intestine , increase in the amount of some liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), obstruction of the gums , obstruction of the stomach ( gastritis ), hair loss , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) of the stomach or bowel , increase in the amount of enzymes produced by the kidney . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), obstruction of the gums , obstruction of the stomach ( gastritis ), hair loss ( alopecia ), excess fluid in stomach , stomach or intestine , indigestion , constipation , constipation , indigestion , constipation , constipation , constipation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea vomiting abdominal vomiting constipation constipation skin rash flaking of muscle fatigue ( fatigue ) fatigue ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction decreased sense of touch or sensation in the mouth abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure heartburn , constipation , vomiting abdominal pain constipation indigestion hair loss ( alopecia ) mouth ulcers pain in the arms and legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of a type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) in the blood caused by a build - up of acid in the blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood clot ) in the blood worsening of the diabetic metabolic state sad mood ( depression ) chest pain abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure swelling of the legs , ankles or feet . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver caused by break - down of dying cancer cells nerve damage in arms and legs , paralysed face heart failure inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) lack of absorption of oxygen in the lung ( hypoxia ) chest pain and changes in the way things taste heart problems such as reduced blood flow to the heart and heart attack heart attack narrowing or blockage of the coronary arteries abnormal heart rythm deficient blood distribution to the limbs blockage in one of the pulmonary arteries rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver redness of the skin and mucous membranes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) infection of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and legs with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver caused by break - down of dying cancer cells anaphylactic shock ( nerve damage ) inflammatory failure of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , asthma , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , tooth disorder ( from blood tests ), hair loss , skin ulcer , dry skin , swelling of the surface of the eye , swelling of the eyelid ( cornea ), swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), blood clots in the veins of the iris ( cornea ), blood clots in the veins of the surface of the large part of the iris ( the cornea ) have also been reported . blood test results showing a decrease in the number of iris and iris ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as inflammation of the front part of the eye ( cornea ) and a type of cancer inflammation of the front layer of the surface of the eye ( cornea ) has happened during treatment , including several years after starting treatment with interferon beta - products . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you have any changes in your vision or changes in your vision during treatment . you will be closely monitored for this information in the patient alert card and patient guide that you have been given by your doctor . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood pressure and the number of maturing you have been given in your patient file . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in the number of some blood cells . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . if you have symptoms of inflammation or inflammation of the lining of your intestine , leading to high blood levels of glucose and / or ketone ketone bodies in the urine . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood pressure and the number of maturing you have been given . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . if you have symptoms of inflammation or inflammation of the lining of your intestine , leading to high levels of uric acid in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as inflammation of the front part of the eye ( cornea ) and a type of white cell cells ( prca ) have been reported , particularly at the start of treatment or at intervals during treatment . most cases during the beginning of treatment , particularly several years after starting treatment with interferon beta - products . if you receive phosphates in combination with other anticancer treatments , some of the side effects you may experience can be related to this combination , you should consult your doctor before you start at the start of treatment . if you have a slight increase in the occurrence of blood clots has been observed . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood pressure and during the number of treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your temozolomide treatment will be reduced or treatment stopped . it is important for you to drink at least 3 months of treatment initiation . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your temozolomide treatment will be reduced or treatment stopped . it is important for you to drink at least 3 months of treatment initiation at the start of treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : weakness , rapid breathing , or a severe rash , fever or difficulty breathing ( signs of a lung problem ) sudden loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening ( anaphylactic reaction ) ( rare ) heart attack rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of allergic reaction include : - difficulty breathing - sudden wheezing or breathlessness - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include difficulty breathing , new or worsening cough , a cough or fever - this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include difficulty breathing , new or worsening breathing problems - a cough , which may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) - sudden shortness of breath with or without fever , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) - sudden shortness of breath with or without fever , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) - sudden shortness of breath with or without fever , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) - sudden shortness of breath with or without fever , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) - sudden shortness of breath with or without fever , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) - sudden shortness of breath with or without fever , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) - sudden shortness of breath with or without fever , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( potentially life - threatening ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - a fever , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , extreme tiredness and fever - this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( scarring of the lung ). - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( potentially life - threatening ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - a fever , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , extreme tiredness and fever - this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( potentially life - threatening ) swelling of the face , lips
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes : shortness of breath , blurred vision , which may be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . symptoms of rashes include : shortness of breath , blurred vision , rapid swelling of the face , mouth , tongue or throat . symptoms include : pain , burning , burning , burning , burning and / or pain headache . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , 36 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at the injection site , at the injection site , change in colour of the taste , numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth or numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 - after 36 numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site swelling and numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 - 36 36 , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site warmth , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking fotivda and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , sore throat or coughing , the most common symptoms of an infusion - related reaction , such as fever and chills , as these may be signs of an increase in the level of some blood cells . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the symptoms or signs of heart problems : chest pain , shortness of breath , cold , or coughing up blood , heart attack or heart attack ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). common ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 patients ): disorientated , sick , weight loss , weight gain , headache , dizziness , decreased consciousness , loss of sensation , numbness , altered breathing , lethargy , changes in heart rhythm , tightness of the chest , coughing , cough , runny nose , nasal congestion , inflammation of the mouth , heartburn , feeling sick , being sick ( sick ), dry mouth , indigestion , heartburn , dry mouth , dry skin , heartburn , dry skin , increased sweating , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , hair loss , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , hair loss , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , acne increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry_skin , increased sweating , hair loss , acne , back pain , muscle pain , muscle
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; constipation ; dry mouth ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as runny nose and cellulitis ( signs of viral infection ) - herpes infection ( cellulitis ) - herpes infection ( cellulitis ) - cellulitis ( lung infection ) - pain or discomfort in your back ( sciatica ) - constipation - abdominal pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - difficulty in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the leg ( diverticulitis ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge from the lower part of the leg ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ), when you start taking medicine for a long time . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain . - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - upper respiratory tract infection . - skin infection . - redness and swelling and swollen or around the eyes ( sciatica ) - constipation - abdominal pain . - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart problems and enlargement ( perforation ) in your stomach or intestine . - swelling in the calves and ankles ( diverticulitis ). - swelling in your legs and / or legs . - diverticulitis . - discharge from the nose and / or leg ( sciatica ), - swelling in the back of the hands and feet . - constipation . - abdominal pain . - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart problems and enlargement ( perforation ) in your stomach or intestine . - swelling in the calves and ankles ( diverticulitis ). - swelling in your legs and / or legs . - diverticulitis . - discharge from the nose and / or leg ( sciatica ). - painful and / or painful erection . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ). - if you have stopped taking prolia for any reason  especially because you think you should talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking prolia are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection - skin infection - redness , swelling and swollen or around the mouth - collection of fluid in the mouth - constipation - abdominal pain - accumulation of fluid in the lungs - constipation - abdominal pain - accumulation of fluid in the lungs - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart problems and / or rapid heart beat ( myocardial infarction ) - damage to the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) - painful sores in the mouth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth - constipation - abdominal pain - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ), a small cut or peeling of the outer layer of the eye ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop using ambirix and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin pain , redness , redness or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following : - bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - red blood cells , which can be a sign of a drop in the number of red blood cells in the blood known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( e . g ., meningitis ). - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( which can make you more prone to meningitis ) - unexplained bruising - bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) - reduction in the number of red blood cells , known as in the number of red blood cells in the blood known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( e . g ., meningitis ). - reduced blood platelets , which may make you be more prone to bruising , or to bleeding without obvious injury ( e . g . meningitis ). - if you have severe_headache , chills , feeling drowsy , tired or very tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness . these may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin pain , redness , redness or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you notice any of the following : bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), as these may be thrombocytopenia , - if you have low blood pressure , or if you have low blood pressure or if you have loss of consciousness , or if you have a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , chest , chest or chest , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - if you have a seizure , or loss of consciousness , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your skin , such as pain , redness or stinging ( thrombocytopenia ), as these may be signs of bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ), - ketones in the blood in the urine , which may be a sign of a low level of red blood cells known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( e . g . meningitis ). - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( which can make you more prone to meningitis or easy bruising ). - bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - red blood cells , which can be a sign of a drop in the number of red blood cells in the blood known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( e . g . meningitis ). - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( which can make you more prone to meningitis ) - flu like symptoms including weakness , chills , feeling drowsy , tired , severe tiredness or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , chest , chest or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : - if you develop a rash , redness or stinging of the face , lips , mouth or tongue , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - if you have a seizure , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your skin , such as pain in your hips or difficulty in breathing ( e . g . when you have a seizure ), 25 if you have loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . a swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing 25 - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : - if you develop a rash , redness
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more bexsero . tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital , if you get any of the following serious allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), severe skin reactions , including hives ( peeling ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , loss of appetite , pain in arms or legs , pain at the injection site , hardness , hard_lump - injection site swelling . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): loss of appetite , headache , crying , sleepiness , unusual skin sensation , and feeling jittery . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): serious allergic reactions , including fainting , feeling of suicide , paleness , abnormal skin sensations like limb , photophobia ( difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itchy skin , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin or limb , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , itchy skin , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin or around the limb , limb or back , feeling of heaviness , feeling unwell , pain in the arms and legs . side effects reported in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : loss of appetite , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , loss of appetite , pain in the arms or legs , pain at the injection site , hardness or pain at the site of injection . general side effects : loss of appetite , headache , crying , sleepiness , swelling of the face and / or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): serious allergic reactions , including fainting , feeling depressed , paleness , abnormal skin sensations like limb , photophobia , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itchy skin , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin or around the limb , limb or back , feeling of heaviness , feeling unwell . general pain in the arms and legs . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people )  a sudden fall in blood pressure . fainting , feeling dizzy , paleness , abnormal skin sensations like limb , photophobia , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , itchy skin , redness of the skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , limb swelling of the eye , limb swelling around the eye . general side effects : feeling generally unwell , generally feeling unwell . general pain in the arms and legs . side effects reported in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : loss of appetite , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , loss of appetite , pain in the arms or legs , pain at the injection site , hardness or pain at the site of injection . general side effects : loss of appetite , headache , crying , sleepiness , swelling of the face and / or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): serious allergic reactions , including fainting , feeling like and paleness . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased pressure in the eye , limb swelling , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itchy skin , redness of the skin , swollen glands in the neck , limb or back , feeling of heaviness , feeling unwell . general pain in the arms and legs . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ):  a complex of fainting . feeling dizzy , paleness . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased swelling of the skin and other parts of the body ( photophobia ), difficulty breathing , wheezing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bleeding , swelling , palms or hands of the hands and soles of your feet and sores in your mouth , which may cause yellowing of the face or body . this may also occur on the arms , face , face or body . change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss low blood pressure ; weight gain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) decreased number of platelets in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) swelling in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed swelling and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body )* change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss low blood calcium level . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ). rises in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( cells that help blood to clot ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis ), swollen face , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse fluid in the lung blood clots in the lung blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) in patients with docetaxel . the frequency of this type of event is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): a decrease in the number of white blood cells and platelets in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as phlebitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), phlebitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) and swelling of the lining of the heart ( pericardial effusion ) decrease in the number of all blood cells ( pancytopenia ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) cancer in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . docetaxel may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : or if you feel unwell or have short of breath , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your blood pressure . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( insomnia ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - nausea ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( insomnia ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - nausea ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( insomnia ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - nausea ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( insomnia ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - nausea ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( insomnia ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - nausea ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - change in blood pressure , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , or increase in liver enzymes - serious allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , pruritis , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , low blood pressure , hot flushes , flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , passing wind , loss of energy , high blood pressure , high blood pressure ( signs of high blood sugar ) ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking this medicine and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( flushing ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea 29 29 high blood pressure low blood pressure , low blood pressure high blood pressure , low blood pressure uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) high blood pressure low blood pressure , high blood pressure low blood pressure , low blood pressure uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) disorder of the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) high blood pressure low blood pressure , high blood pressure low blood pressure , low blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) disorder of the blood vessels in the lungs , which may cause large intestine and cause difficulty in swallowing . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) high blood pressure low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) disorder of the blood vessels in the brain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) high blood pressure low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) disorder of the blood vessels in the brain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) high blood pressure low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) disorder of the blood vessels in the brain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) high blood pressure low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) disorder of the blood vessels in the brain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) high blood pressure low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect of adynovi is low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is mild to moderate . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( allergic reaction ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - rash - wheals - generalised itching - swelling of face - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest ) - general feeling of being unwell . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - headache - nausea - diarrhoea - nausea - rash , itchy rash - hives ( wheals ) where the injection is given - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced number of blood platelets ( hypoglycaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced number of blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced number of blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( allergic reaction ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - fainting - loss of consciousness - fainting ( see also section 2 under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). - low levels of sodium in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of symptoms such as drowsiness , difficulty breathing or these could be signs of an allergic reaction . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), headache nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , discomfort or discomfort in the mouth ( stomatitis ), vomiting , weight gain , blood in the urine ( common ), ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), irregular heart beat ( abdominal effusion ), vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling ( paraesthesia ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( swollen abdomen ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ):  chest pain ( pneumonia ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), vomiting ( nausea ), diarrhoea ( loose stools ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), headache ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), nausea ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), nausea ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), vomiting ( fatigue ), weight gain , kidney stones , chest pain ( arthralgia ), tiredness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), nausea ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), vomiting ( fatigue ), weight gain , kidney stones , chest pain ( arthralgia ), fatigue) tiredness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( peripheral oedema ), fatigue) ( tiredness ), nausea ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), vomiting ( fatigue ), weight gain , kidney stones , chest pain ( arthralgia ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), vomiting ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea ( nausea ), diarrhoea ( loose stools ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea , nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling ( paraesthesia )  diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( swollen abdomen ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ):  chest pain ( pneumonia ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), vomiting ( nausea ), diarrhoea ( loose stools ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling ( paraesthesia )  diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), nausea ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), nausea ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), vomiting ( fatigue ), weight gain , kidney stones , chest pain ( arthralgia ), tiredness ( fatigue ), fatigue) ( tiredness ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling ( paraesthesia ), dizziness , weight gain , drowsiness ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ear disorders , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), vomiting ( diarrhoea ), nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling ( paraesthesia )  diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( swollen abdomen ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ):  chest pain ( pneumonia ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), vomiting ( nausea ), diarrhoea ( loose stools ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling ( paraesthesia )  diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( swollen abdomen ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ):  chest pain ( pneumonia ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), vomiting ( nausea ), diarrhoea ( loose stools ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), headache ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache ( fatigue ), headache ( fatigue ), nausea ( vomiting ), diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more revinty_ellipta . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : wheezing or coughing , difficulty in breathing , or a fast heart rate , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following symptoms : angioedema ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , fever , and difficulty in breathing . symptoms of angioedema include : - becoming very wheezy , coughing or wheezing , feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using anoro ellipta are rare . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , fever , respiratory tract infections , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), increased levels of potassium in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) bleeding in the stomach or throat , runny or blocked nose cold sores or irritation in the mouth , runny or blocked nose cold sores or irritation in the mouth , runny or blocked nose , bleeding in the nose , runny or blocked nose , bleeding in the nose , runny or blocked nose cough , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , chills feeling weak 68 increased liver enzymes in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) infection of the mouth and throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) bleeding in the stomach or throat ( angioedema ) infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what refludan is and what it is used for 2 . before you are given by your doctor or pharmacist if you experience one or more of the following side effects : difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause nausea , abdominal pain and headache . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) - sudden swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) 4 syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - swelling , redness or tingling of the skin ( disappears ) 4 syndrome ( 4 syndrome ) - nausea - abdominal pain - headache other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - abdominal pain - swelling , redness , swelling and / or swelling ( malaise ) - headache - lung infection - blocked nose - nausea - abdominal pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to reactions_have_been_fatal . during an blitzima infusion , it can be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms during your treatment with paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the above symptoms or any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these symptoms are generally mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may decide to stop your paracetamol if these reactions are serious . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these symptoms are generally mild to moderate and go away within three hours . your doctor may decide to stop your paracetamol with paracetamol if you develop these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called paracetamol . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue paracetamol can also occur during treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if these symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called paracetamol . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue paracetamol can also occur during treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if these symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called paracetamol . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue paracetamol can also occur during treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called paracetamol . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue paracetamol can also occur during treatment . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or neutropenia ( neutropenia ). if you experience a rash , itching , chest tightness or difficulty in breathing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth o stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). they are usually mild to moderate . some patients have experienced serious side effects such as tiredness , itching , chest tightness , difficulty in breathing , light headedness , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth o stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of tiredness : sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the tongue or in the mouth , mouth or nose and feeling tired . some side effects could be serious . these side effects may be signs of an increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) and / or white blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be related to low levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , abdominal pain , skin rash , swelling of the face , itching , rash or rash , rash chest tightness , difficulty in breathing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) liver disorders . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . blood tests may show a decrease in the number of red blood cells in your blood ( called neutropenia ), which may be a sign of low white blood cells ( neutropenia , red or white blood cells ), low white blood cells ( neutropenia ), headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , abdominal pain , skin rash , swelling of the face , itching , rash or rash , rash chest tightness or difficulty breathing . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections of the lung ( symptoms include tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the tongue or in the mouth , nose or mouth ), loss of sensation . some side effects could be serious . these may be seen in blood tests . a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and white blood cells ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , abdominal pain , skin rash , swelling of the face , itching , rash or rash . rash , rash chest tightness or difficulty breathing . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung ( symptoms include tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the tongue or in the mouth , nose or mouth ), loss of sensation . some side effects could be serious . these may be seen in blood tests . a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and white blood cells ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , abdominal pain , skin rash , swelling of the face , itching , rash or rash . rash , rash chest tightness or difficulty breathing . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung ( symptoms include tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the tongue or in the mouth , nose or mouth ), loss of sensation . some side effects could be serious . these may be seen in blood tests . a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), and white blood cells ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , abdominal pain , skin rash , swelling of the face , itching , rash , rash , rash chest tightness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding in the mouth or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to jaundice in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting );
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop pain , swelling , redness or sores in your mouth and / or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food after being treated with fetcroja . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food after being treated with fetcroja . - if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , inform your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food . when you first start taking fetcroja , you may experience some of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food . when you first start taking fetcroja , you may experience some of the following reactions : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food . your doctor will check your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . - if you develop allergy symptoms such as pain , swelling or redness in any part of your face,_throat_or_tongue , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with fetcroja . - severe pain in the abdomen and back - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or tongue severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat which may cause a severe rash or sores in your mouth or throat - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain , which can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . fever and feeling sick ) - nausea and feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food . some of these serious side effects may need urgent medical attention . if you notice any of these symptoms , do not take osseor again , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a symptom of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or tongue severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat which may cause a sore throat or swallowing - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food . your doctor will check your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . - if you develop allergy symptoms such as pain , swelling or redness in your case of your skin or a severe rash or fever . - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : blindness , blindness , blindness , shaking , confusion . these symptoms are usually mild and occur during the first weeks of your treatment . blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin headache , itching and hives ( allergic reaction ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache cough blocked nose difficulty in breathing cough or difficulty in breathing chest pain cough or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): voice alteration ( hoarseness ) blocked nose sneezing sneezing runny nose runny nose runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): voice alteration runny nose sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough chest pain runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain haemorrhoids ( pain in chest ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): sinus infection sore throat sore throat sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): sinus infection sore throat sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): sinus infection sore throat sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sore throat runny nose runny nose cough runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): sinus infection sore throat sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sore throat runny nose cough runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sore throat runny nose cough runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sore throat runny nose runny nose cough runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to achieve or maintain erection stomach pain pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to achieve or maintain erection stomach pain pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to achieve or maintain erection stomach pain pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to achieve or maintain erection stomach pain pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sneezing sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to achieve or maintain erection stomach pain pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bronchitis runny nose runny nose sore throat runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough runny nose runny nose cough inability to sleep ( insomnia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding in the mouth or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fever ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until this_medicine ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until this_medicine ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : lamivudine or lamivudine problems , such as lamivudine or lamivudine disorders , such as nausea or being sick ( vomiting ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the effects in this list . the most frequently occurring side effects are described below : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea - increase in enzymes produced in the enzymes ( enzymes produced by the liver ) - increase in enzymes produced by the muscles ( called transaminases ) - increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in a substance produced in the muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( a substance produced in the muscles in the muscles ) - increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( a substance produced in the muscles in the muscles ) - increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( thrombocytopenia ) - increase in an enzyme called lactate dehydrogenase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called lactate dehydrogenase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called lactate dehydrogenase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called lactate dehydrogenase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called lactate dehydrogenase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in an enzyme called lactate dehydrogenase ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( an enzyme involved in blood tests ) - increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) - a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) - a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) - a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) and a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - a decrease in the number of muscles in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - an increase in the number of muscles ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the number of muscles ( cells involved in blood tests ) - increase in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common problems of diabetes common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people high blood pressure ( hypertension ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you get any of these symptoms . the deposits of this medicine may need urgent medical attention . deposits ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). the following side effects have been observed with macugen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache and tiredness . these symptoms can be a sign of an uncommon side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people . your doctor will tell you how to treat a deposits before you are taking this medicine . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache - deposits from the deposits of deposits . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may give you another medicine to control the dose or discontinue deposits to help reduce the dose . the following side effects have also been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - if you do tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in the number of deposits in your blood . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the side effects above . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus ( swelling ) in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain ( oedema ). talk to your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling mainly of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands , soles or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands , soles or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you have pain , swelling or oedema ( especially of the palms in the hands or soles of your feet ). cold sweat . stop taking digestive_enzymes and talk to your doctor right away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions , such as difficulty in breathing , breathing difficulties and swelling of the face contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a low blood calcium levels ( hypocalcaemia ). very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , nausea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia ( indigestion ), indigestion , vomiting , elevated liver function tests ( decreased urine output ), decreased appetite ( anorexia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain , numbness or tingling sensation ( numbness ) and numbness . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions , cough , swollen face , cough , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . sudden allergic reactions : when you start taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately or go to an emergency department at your nearest hospital . trouble with completely if you notice any of the following : low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible serious side effects of jentadueto : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) immediately ( may affect up to side_effect in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid growth . this event is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a rare but very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a rare but very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a rare but very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following side effects : - lactic acidosis , seen very commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - as a consequence of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid heartbeat - this occurs very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a marked decrease of some white blood cells . - lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - as a consequence of coma , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a marked decrease of some white blood cells . - lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - as a consequence of lactic acidosis : - very rare : - lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - potentially life - threatening condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - potentially life - threatening skin rashes . - lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : infection , fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , headache , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , tiredness , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), drowsiness , headache , stomach ache , tiredness , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), drowsiness , headache , stomach ache , tiredness , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams ( lipase , triglycerides ), triglycerides ( triglycerides ), lipase ( lipase ) in the blood ( lipase and lipase ), increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and lipase ), increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood ( lipase and triglycerides ), increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood : lipase , triglycerides ( lipase ), lipase and lipase : increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or bilirubin )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or bilirubin )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or bilirubin )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or bilirubin )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or bilirubin )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or amylase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or amylase )  increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or bilirubin ) in the blood ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood , lipase , triglycerides ( lipase ), levels of liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood , lipase , triglycerides ( lipase ), levels of liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides )  increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides )  increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin )  increase in liver enzymes : lipase , triglycerides ( lipase ) levels ( lipase , bilirubin , lipase ) in the blood : lipase , triglycerides ( lipase ), lipase and lipase : increase in certain enzymes : lipase , triglycerides ( bilirubin ), bilirubin , lipase , lipase and / or amylase in your blood ( lipase , triglycerides ), bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase in the blood ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin or lipase ), increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin )  increase in liver enzymes : lipase , triglycerides ( bilirubin ), lipase , lipase and / or lipase ; increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin )  increase in liver enzymes : lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase , lipase , creatine phosphokinase , lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ,
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking avandamet and see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . - chest pain , shortness of breath , waking up short of breath , light - headedness , tired or generally loss of consciousness these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - tingling sensation ( pins and needles ) - sensation of heaviness in hands and feet - coughing up blood - increase in blood cholesterol ( anaemia ) - increase in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in potassium in the blood ( anaemia ) - itching ( pruritus ) - increase in blood cholesterol ( triglycerides ) in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to anaemia) in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - itching of the face - strange taste in mouth - water retention - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in white blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding in the mouth or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fever ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever and breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until nose_bleed ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; difficulty in breathing ; blood in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood in the urine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain , muscle aches , feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - difficulty breathing - chest pain - shortness of breath - swelling or discomfort in your eyes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - the following side effects have been reported with rapiscan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash , swelling , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , throat irritation and / or throat irritation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - vaginal changes - chest pain , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), slow heart rate ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart failure ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart failure ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart failure ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - blockage of an qt interval ( electrocardiogram qt interval ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart failure ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart failure ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart failure ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - qt prolongation ( electrocardiogram qt interval ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart trace (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following , stop taking viagra and contact a doctor straight away : severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , with swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you experience symptoms such as severe swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you have an erection which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely . severe skin reactions including intense skin rash with blistering and peeling of the skin , blistering of the mouth , genitals and around the eyes , fever . seizures , seizures , stroke ( see section " warnings and precautions "): swelling in the mouth or throat . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects of viagra may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - facial flushing - itching ( pruritus ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - indigestion - colour tinge to blurred vision - blurred vision - visual disturbance - stuffy nose - urinary tract infection - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - indigestion , heartburn - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - blurred vision - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn - stroke - stroke - cardiac disorders - blurred vision , stuffy nose , stuffy nose - inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , stroke - visual disturbances , seeing or hearing things that are not there ( vision ) - throat irritation and inflammation of the lining of the nose and throat with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , - stroke - visual disturbances including seeing or hearing things that are not there - heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and irregular heartbeat ( sometimes with blood pressure and / or irregular heart beat ) - fluid collection in the lungs , especially in the eyes ( very common ) causing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - facial flushing - tingling sensation ( pins and needles ) - indigestion - numb sensation - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - stuffy nose - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn - seizures ( stroke ) - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - urinary tract infection - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - indigestion , heartburn - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - stuffy nose - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , - stroke - visual disturbance - blurred vision - vision disturbance - stuffy nose - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , - stroke - visual disturbance - blurred vision - vision disturbance - stuffy nose - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , memory problems - blurred vision , vision disturbance , stuffy nose and throat inflammation - inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , - stroke , - difficulties in seeing or around your movements - blurred vision - visual disturbance - stuffy nose and inflammation of the lining of the nose and throat with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , - stroke , - difficulties in seeing or around your movements - blurred vision , vision disturbance , stuffy nose and inflammation of the lining of the nose , genitals and around the eyes , genitals , very common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - itching - rash - swelling of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - sick ( constipation ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness - sleepiness - headache - sleeplessness ( insomnia ) - abnormal sensation in the mouth ( hypoaesthesia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - weight increased - increased appetite - restlessness - agitation - amnesia ( loss of memory ), strange taste ( dysgeusia ) - amnesia ( disturbance in attention ) - amnesia ( difficulty in passing urine ) - amnesia ( memory disturbance ) - side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood . in the early stages of the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". if you suffer from restless legs syndrome , you may experience the following side effects : - inability to resist the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences . - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive . - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; these will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly related to pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly related to pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the effects of this medicine are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the effects in this list . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sinus_headache ( difficulty sleeping ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - change in taste - dry eye - eye irritation - dry eye - clouding of the lens in the eye - increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - dry eye uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - back pain - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - redness of the eye uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye irritation - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye irritation - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) erythema multiforme : a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis : widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : allergic reactions such as hives or hives . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain or eye pain unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). other side effects include : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat - sensation of heart beating ( blocked nose ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( blurred vision ) - sensation of pain or pain in your chest - problems with your ear ( urinary retention ) - urinary_retention_dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients receiving nucala . symptoms include : swelling of face or throat , chest tightness , chest pain and low blood pressure . these symptoms may be symptoms of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , bladder infection , ear infection , low blood pressure , dizziness , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): swelling of face , tongue or throat , chest tightness , cough , fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or cough , breathing difficulties , cough , chest pain and heart failure rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 60 60 tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : fever , high temperature symptoms , urinary tract infection , symptoms of pain and discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area or discomfort , low level of red blood cells ( possible symptoms of urinary tract infection , fever and difficulty breathing ) blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or cough , blood in the urine , cough , chest pain or heart problems rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) 60 60 tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the other side effects listed above . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : pain or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area low level of phosphate in the blood dizziness , low blood pressure urinary tract infection , common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : high blood pressure cough , headache , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , ear infection , ear infection , ear infection dizziness , low blood pressure ( hypertension ) rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause cough or difficulty breathing or cough ( signs of high level of red blood cells ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or cough , blood in the urine , cough , chest pain or heart problems rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 60 60 tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : fever or difficulty breathing or blood in your urine . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or cough , drop in blood pressure , cough , high blood pressure and low blood pressure . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough ( signs of high level of red blood cells ) rare
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , may affect more than 1 in 10 people - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects , may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness , decreased appetite , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - decreased appetite , - decreased appetite , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , - back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , - bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - decreased appetite , - decreased appetite , - vomiting , - nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more palforzia . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any of these symptoms . the following side effects have been observed with palforzia : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , skin discolouration , pain in the upper stomach or stomach , stomach pain , stomach ache , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , throat_tightness indigestion , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ache , dry mouth , pain or pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ache , dry skin , pain in the upper stomach or bowel , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ache , dry skin , pain in the upper stomach or bowel , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ache , dry skin , pain in the upper stomach or bowel , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , stomach ache , dry skin , pain in the upper stomach or bowel , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ache , dry skin , pain in the upper stomach or bowel , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach ache , stomach_discomfort indigestion , stomach ache , dry mouth skin rash , pain or pain in the joints or back , stomach pain , stomach ache , throat_tightness indigestion , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ache , dry skin , pain in the upper stomach or bowel , stomach pain , stomach ache , throat_tightness indigestion , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ache , dry skin , pain in the upper stomach or bowel , stomach pain , stomach ache , throat_tightness indigestion , stomach ache , dry mouth skin rash , pain or pain in the joints or back , stomach pain , stomach ache , throat_tightness indigestion , stomach pain , stomach ache , throat_tightness indigestion , stomach ache , dry skin , pain in the
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to any_other_changes_in_your_health . during an frequency of frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - allergic reactions : a rash , itching , or a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - changes in liver enzymes . if you get any side effects tell your doctor . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 36 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
