like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , hives , rash , reddening of the skin , hives ( urticaria ), as a serious skin reaction called stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported . - if you experience a skin rash , itching , rash or peeling skin , or hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported . - if you experience a skin rash , itching , rash or peeling skin , or hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported . - if you experience a skin rash , itching , rash or peeling skin , or hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported . - if you experience a skin rash , itching , rash or peeling skin , or hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported . - if you experience a skin rash , itching , rash or peeling skin , or hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using incivo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - tiredness - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( e . g . creatinine , creatinine ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( e . g . creatinine and creatinine ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue - increased level of a certain type of white blood cells called your_blood - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and increased thirst - increased level of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue - increased level of a certain type of white blood cells called your_blood - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and increased thirst - increased level of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue - increased level of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood ( creatinine ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue - increased level of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood ( creatinine ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of an infection ( death , which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). these are signs of nasopharyngitis ( due to colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , common cold ), upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( oropharyngeal infection ), upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ), runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), upper respiratory tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), upper respiratory tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), upper respiratory tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), upper respiratory tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infections , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported with wilzin are : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( more than 1 in 10 patients ). if this happens you must stop taking novonorm and talk to your doctor or go to a hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia ( a very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): symptoms of swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): increased liver enzymes in your blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , skin rash , rash , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , dry skin , rash , itchy_skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pumarix in combination with vaccine , allergic reactions and blood clots may occur . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience : hives , urticaria ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking vaccine . signs and symptoms include : dizzy , headache or dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach ache or joint pain . muscle cramps . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions including redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or feet which may be a sign of inflammation in the hand and intestines . if you are being treated for vaccine , you will have to be treated with vaccine , you should consult a doctor immediately . if you are feeling dizzy , headache , feeling sick , stomach pain , joint pain , muscle cramps and blurred or blurred vision . allergic reactions these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening medical condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling at the site of the injection ( which can be a sign of inflammation and bruising ) at the injection site may occur . these usually disappear after a few weeks without a few weeks . if you have inflammation , bruising or swelling at the site of the injection may help to prevent such as stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). stomach pain , joint pain , muscle cramps . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions including redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or feet which may be a sign of a hand - filled movement . if you get any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately : fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle cramps and blurred vision ( signs of allergic reactions ) such as redness or swelling of the skin at the site of injection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as redness or swelling . if you have a cough , flu - like symptoms , such as headache , flu - like symptoms , such as inflammation or bruising at the injection site , which may be a sign of inflammation , bruising or swelling at the site of the injection , which may be a sign of inflammation and bruising , or swelling at the infusion site may occur . these usually occur within the first three days after the start of vaccine . there have been reports of flu - like symptoms , such as bruising and swelling . if your child gets these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , joint pain and muscle cramps . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions including life - threatening allergic reaction . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as redness or swelling . your doctor may give you another medicine to treat pain or swelling at the infusion site . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . injection site reactions ( including inflammation , bruising , swelling and / or swelling ) at the infusion site may occur . including stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ). stomach pain , joint pain . muscle cramps . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . allergic reactions leading to redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or feet which may be a sign of a hand - filled movement . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or stinging . you might also have symptoms of swelling , itching or itching at the injection site . if this happens to you , tell your doctor immediately . there is a higher risk of cancer at the end of this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of afinitor are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : 46 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells or bruising possible signs are : tiredness , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( e . g . bruising , bruising , bruising ) bleeding in the stomach or bowel , pain in the stomach , feet , hands or soles of the feet which may cause skin rashes and shortness of breath ( oedema ). if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . some of the side effects could be serious . if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , sore throat , mouth sores ( stomatitis ), increased liver enzymes in the blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes ( feet , stomach or throat pain , and shortness of breath and oedema ). if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been observed by general : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , sore throat , mouth sores ( stomatitis ), increased liver enzymes in the blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ), increased level of bilirubin in the blood , sometimes with pain in the stomach and throat , chest pain , shortness of breath ( oedema ). if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , sore throat , runny nose ( stomatitis ) and inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), abnormal liver function tests ( increased level of bilirubin in the blood ), abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes , feet , stomach or throat pain , weakness , breathlessness , difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a lung problem ). some side effects could be serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing , a wheezing , coughing or wheezing , difficulty in breathing or breathing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing , wheezing or difficulty in breathing if you notice any of the serious symptoms , seek immediate medical advice . if you get a combination of any of the following symptoms : swollen face , coughing , coughing and wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing or wheezing , difficulty in breathing or if you notice a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing or wheezing , difficulty in breathing or if you notice a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . pale , coughing , wheezing , difficulty wheezing or breathing swelling of the face , throat , or throat which may cause a hoarse voice , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of the serious symptoms or signs , seek immediate medical advice immediately . if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing , wheezing or difficulty wheezing or if you notice one or more of the following symptoms : rapid breathing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing , wheezing or difficulty with breathing if you notice any of the serious symptoms , seek immediate medical advice . if you get a combination of any of the following symptoms : swollen face , coughing , coughing or wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . a sudden decrease or loss of coughing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : rapid heartbeat , coughing , wheezing or difficulty wheezing breathing difficulties : if you develop a cough , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your coughing , coughing , wheezing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : breathing problems : coughing , wheezing or difficulty wheezing breathing difficulties : if you develop a cough , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing if you notice any of the serious symptoms or signs , seek immediate medical advice immediately . if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing , wheezing or difficulty wheezing or if you notice signs of a blood clot , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing , wheezing or difficulty with breathing if you notice any of the serious symptoms : tell your doctor immediately : - a sudden fall in blood pressure , which you may make you feel faint , coughing or wheezing , difficulty breathing , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you suddenly feel unwell , coughing , wheezing or difficulty with breathing if you notice any of the serious symptoms , seek immediate medical advice . - if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing or wheezing , difficulty in breathing you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and / or a severe allergic reactions , e . g . coughing , coughing , wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you suddenly feel unwell , coughing , wheezing or difficulty wheezing or breathing , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions ( serious allergic reaction ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin or rash ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . diarrhoea , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) pain in the arms , 38 or legs 38 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects may be serious . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing , swallowing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects which are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ) and joint pain ( arthralgia ) swelling of the hands , 38 or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) upper_respiratory_infections feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) allergic reaction that may include skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or rash other side effects which may occur with tremfya are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing , swallowing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) pain in extremity 38 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin and rash other side effects which may be seen during treatment with tremfya : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction such as difficulty breathing , swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps on the skin . some side effects could be serious . if you get some side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection of the blood ( e . g . increased number of white blood cells or platelets ) headaches , tiredness , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . bleeding , including bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain . if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately : a severe allergic reaction : sudden wheezing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing immediately , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you notice any of the following symptoms : - sudden wheezing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - sudden wheezing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately : - sudden wheezing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - sudden wheezing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - blood clots in the veins in the legs or lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of a stroke may include new or worsening cough - blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - signs of blood clots in your legs or lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - side effects with or without swelling in the legs and arms , which may be associated with blisters , loss of swelling or tightness in your chest - sudden loss of vision - blood in your urine - kidney problems including increased frequency of urination or bladder , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - sudden loss of consciousness . - swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - blood clots in the veins of your legs . - blood clots in the lung blood vessels ( pulmonary embolism ). rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - symptoms of infection due to blockage of blood vessels , including blood clots in the veins or lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - blockage of blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . pulmonary arterial hypertension has been seen at various time points during medicines , including several years after starting a_spinal_anaesthetic . - serious skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - kidney problems . - kidney problems including acute kidney failure , which may lead to a stroke or sudden cardiac death . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . - if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache hot flushes ( vasodilatation ) diarrhoea headache feeling sick ( nausea ) constipation wind ( flatulence ) rash irritation in the stomach ( abdomen ) rash tiredness ( fatigue ) rash irritation in the stomach or intestine ( gastroenteritis ) rash inflammation of the intestine ( pneumonitis ) abnormal level of calcium in the blood other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache local infection of the stomach ( gastritis ) headache indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation irritation ( flatulence ) rash irritation in the mouth and throat ( dysgeusia ) rash irritation in the mouth and throat reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; vision disturbances ; inflammation of the eye ( jaundice ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the glands of the eye ( jaundice ) and severe liver damage ; back pain ; back pain ; blood in the urine ; protein in the urine ; swelling in the abdomen ; blisters of the eye ; back_pain very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the glands of the eye ( jaundice ) and severe liver damage ; back pain ; back pain ; blood in the urine ; protein in the urine ; swelling in the abdomen ; blisters of the eye ; back_pain very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the glands of the eye ( jaundice ) and severe liver damage ; back pain ; back pain ; blood in the urine ; protein in the urine ; swelling in the abdomen ; blisters of the eye ; back_pain very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , including herpes zoster infections ( feeling of pain or discomfort when standing up , headache , dizziness , including respiratory arrest , difficulty in sleeping , blurred vision , blood clots in the deep legs or deep vein ), problems with blood clotting , blocking of a vein or swelling in your arms and / or legs , or other parts of the body , sudden loss of vision , bleeding in your brain or other parts of the body , problems with wound healing , bleeding or bleeding in your brain or bleeding in your brain or bleeding in your brain or limb , rapid breathing , blood in your urine , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure or coma , blood clots in a vein at the limb , limb or back , difficulty in breathing , rapid breathing , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma ), blood clot in a vein at the limb , limb or back , difficulties in breathing , blood in your urine , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma ), blood clot in a vein at the limb , limb or back , difficulty in breathing , blood in your urine , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma , blood clot in a vein at the limb , limb or back ), difficulties in breathing , blood in your urine , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma ), blood clot in a vein at the limb , limb or back , difficulties in breathing , blood in your urine , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma ), blood clot in a vein at the limb , limb or back , difficulty breathing , rapid breathing , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma ) blood clot in a vein at the back of the limb , which may be associated with breathing , difficulties breathing , fluid in the ear , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma , blood clot in the vein or leg ), difficulty in breathing , fluid in the ear , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma ) blood clot in a vein at the back of the limb , which may be associated with breathing , difficulties breathing , fluid in the ear , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma , blood clot in the vein or leg ), difficulty in breathing , fluid in the ear , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma ) blood clot in a vein at the back of the limb , which may be associated with breathing , difficulties breathing , fluid in the ear , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma , blood clot in the vein or leg ), difficulty in breathing , fluid in the ear , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma ) blood clot in a vein at the back of the limb , which may be associated with breathing , difficulties breathing , fluid in the ear , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma , blood clot in the vein or leg ), difficulty in breathing , fluid in the ear , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including low blood pressure ( coma ) blood clot in a vein at the back of the limb , which may be associated with breathing , difficulties breathing , fluid in the ear , asthma , fever , nervous system disorders including blood clots in the lung , coma , blood clots in a vein at the back of the limb , sudden unexplained loss of blood supply to the lungs , causing difficulty in breathing or breathing , asthma , fluid in the middle ear , collection of fluid around the heart , collection of fluid around the heart , fluid in the lungs , ear pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blockage of blood vessels in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid in the lungs , ear pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blockage of blood vessels in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the kidney , fluid collection in the kidney , fluid in the lungs ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pains or fever with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lung ) or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation_of_heat ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; cough ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; head in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); joint swelling ; blood in the urine ; swelling of the salivary glands ; swelling of the eye ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; combined ; itching ; itching ; blisters of the skin ; an allergic reaction ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; combined allergy ; presence of blood in semen and / or urine ; increases in some kinds of blood cells .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( infection ) may be severe and could lead to infection . - if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). - signs of infection such as fever , severe infection , - infection of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or fever ( signs of lung disorders ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) - chest pain which may be accompanied by a high temperature . if you get left upper stomach ( abdominal ) pain , pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). - allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) - chest pain which may be due to a serious heart problem . - blood clots in the veins of the lungs which causes chest pain and sometimes develop in patients with fluid retention . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( low blood pressure ) - low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - build - up of fluid in the lungs ( sinusitis ) - chest pain - irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) - chest pain - abnormal heart rhythm - reduced heart rate - clouding of the heart or the heart , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart ( atrioventricular block ) - narrowing of the gel - like substance inside the blood vessels ( pulmonary_arteries ) - blood clot in the veins of the legs ( retinal vasculitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , swelling of the face , face , face or throat , chest tightness , wheezing or breathing difficulties . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects most of the following side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last remicade treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - an allergic reaction . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you develop an allergic reaction , call your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - serious skin rashes including intense blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) or toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the muscles , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the muscles , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the muscles , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than one % of the a_live_vaccine surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported side effects are described below : fever , sore throat , difficult or shallow breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat . stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - thoughts of suicide , obsessive thoughts , addictive gambling , excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). symptoms may include : - chest pain - feeling of faintness , confusion or aggressive behaviour ( fits ) - altered thinking or hearing loss these are signs of a stroke . - sudden decrease or loss of hearing has also been reported . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects above . other side effects when taking placebo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain , neck pain ( angina pectoris ), chest pain ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) chest pain ( angina pectoris ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) chest pain ( angina pectoris ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) common : symptoms of low blood pressure ( hypotension ) cough , nausea , constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain , neck pain ( signs of heart problems ) chest pain ( pneumonia ) low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) chest pain ( angina ) chest pain ( angina ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) common cold symptoms , such as runny nose , inflammation of the lips , nose or throat inflammation of the nose , sinuses , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose ( rhinitis ) skin redness ( pruritus ) chest pain ( angina ) chest pain ( angina ) chest pain ( angina ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) runny nose skin redness ( pruritus ) chest pain ( angina ) redness of skin ( erythema ) chest pain inability to achieve or maintain an erection weight loss , weight loss ( alopecia ) abnormal thoughts if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the most frequently reported side effects of placebo are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain , neck pain ( angina pectoris ), chest pain ( angina pectoris ) chest pain ( angina pectoris ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) common : symptoms of low blood pressure , chest pain ( angina ), low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to runny_nose in runny_nose ): symptoms of low blood pressure ( hypotension ) cough , nausea , constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , neck pain ( angina pectoris ) chest pain ( angina pectoris ) chest pain ( angina pectoris ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough runny nose inflammation of the mouth and lips ( stomatitis ) runny nose skin rashes ( dermatitis ) chest pain inability to achieve or maintain an erection weight loss , weight decreased , abnormal thinking , abnormal thinking , abnormal thoughts or loss of consciousness , poor consciousness , poor consciousness , poor consciousness , poor consciousness , poor memory or loss of consciousness , poor consciousness , poor consciousness , poor consciousness and / or fainting . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . symptoms of a hypersensitivity ( runny ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of these symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of infection such as fever , respiratory infection , urinary tract infections , fungal infection , including pneumonia , respiratory infections , fungal infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , with signs such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infections ( signs of blood disorders ) such as persistent bruising , bruising , paleness , caused by nerve damage , numbness , tingling , numbness , numbness , double vision , or changes in leg or coordination , balance problems , buzzing , ringing in your ears , double vision , double vision , problems with your leg or leg , cough , asthma , shortness of breath , asthma , abdominal distension , nausea , vomiting , bloating , abdominal distension , swollen abdomen , dry mouth , dry skin , night sweats , night sweats , night sweats , hair loss , hair loss , eczema , gallbladder_inflammation skin , sensitivity to light , night sweats , night sweats , painful red eyes , night sweats , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function tests , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function tests , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the lungs , heart attack or stroke , an increase in blood pressure , widening of blood vessels in the lungs which causes difficulty in breathing or stroke , an infection of the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), collapsed lung , heart attack , stroke , abnormal collection of fluid around the heart , which may lead to a stroke or a serious condition known as guillain - barr syndrome , acute disseminated encephalomyelitis ( a disease which causes muscle weakness , buzzing and weakness of the arms and legs , blood in the urine ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary haemorrhage ), collapsed lung , heart attack , stroke , abnormal blood clotting in the blood vessels of the lungs , heart attack , stroke , abnormal blood clotting in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs which causes blood clots in the lung blood vessels in the blood vessels of the lungs which causes blood clots in the lung blood vessels in the blood vessels of the lungs which causes blood clots in the lung blood vessels in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs which causes blood clots in the lung blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), collapsed lung , stroke , abnormal blood clotting in the blood vessels of the lungs , heart attack , stroke , abnormal blood clotting in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), blood clots in the veins of the blood vessels of the lungs which causes blood clots in the lung blood vessels in the blood vessels of the lungs which causes blood clots in the lung blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the lungs which makes heart rhythm disturbances , stroke , abnormal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following serious side effects : coma , breathing difficulties , wheezing or breathing difficulties . these could be symptoms of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes wheezing and feeling faint , low blood pressure , confused or disorientation , changes in vision , eye pain or spasms , irregular heart rhythm ( angina ), irregular heartbeat or chest pain , or chest pain , or feeling of pressure . your doctor may tell you to stop using dzuveo . flatulence ( wind ) constipation . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , decrease in the number of magnesium ( magnesium ) in the blood , magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium or calcium in your blood , or calcium . symptoms include high blood pressure , tiredness , feeling weak . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , feeling sleepy , insomnia or confused , feeling your heart beat , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , fungal infection of the stomach , magnesium , potassium , calcium , calcium , potassium , sodium , potassium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in your amount of magnesium or potassium in your blood , increase in the level of magnesium , calcium , sodium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in liver enzymes , tiredness , feeling weak common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , feeling sleepy , insomnia or confused , feeling your heartbeat , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , fungal infection in the stomach , magnesium , potassium , calcium , calcium or potassium in your blood , increase in magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , sodium , potassium , sodium , potassium , potassium , sodium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - any of the following symptoms : - fever , chest pain or shortness of breath , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : - if you experience shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , swollen or itchy skin , peeling or blisters , or peeling of the body - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - heart attack or shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of life-threatening_rash - red spots , peeling , blisters or peeling of the body - signs of liver problems - heart problems such as shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , peeling , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - signs include serious allergic reaction , heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of peeling , blisters
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your cancer . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information on the side effects of this medicine are due to its local action on your body . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , respiratory infection , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , blurred vision , eye pain , widening of blood vessels , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dry skin , nasal congestion , cold sores , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , lack of energy , difficulty in breathing , nausea or vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , lack of energy , difficulty in passing urine , itching of the skin , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity_to_light , abnormal blood clotting and abnormal blood clotting , decreased blood pressure , abnormal bleeding from the eyes , injection site pain , redness and swelling and pain in extremity . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : infection , lack of white blood cells , decrease in blood pressure , changes in perception of self , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , asthma , stomach upset , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , lack of energy , difficulty in passing urine , pain in the limbs , eyelid swelling , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity_to_light , abnormal blood clotting , abnormal blood clotting , decreased blood pressure , abnormal bleeding from the eyes , injection site pain , redness and swelling and pain in extremity . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - infection , lack of white blood cells , decrease of blood pressure , inability to develop or maintain an erection , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , asthma , stomach upset , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , - frequent urination , increased sweating , night sweats , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , increased tear production , abnormal blood clotting , abnormal blood clotting , decreased or increased sensitivity to light - skin flushing , redness or pain_in_extremity on the skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - infection , lack of white blood cells , decrease of blood pressure , inability to develop or maintain an erection , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , asthma , throat irritation , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , drowsiness , dry mouth , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , - frequent urination , increased sensitivity to light , - ringing in the ears , itching , areas of pain in the arms or legs . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - infection or decreased number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection , inability to hold or maintain an erection , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , disturbance in attention , problems with balance , increased heart rate - increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , asthma , throat irritation , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . your doctor may decide to stop the forxiga treatment if you notice any of the following : fever or chills , sweating , breathing difficulties , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , and feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your anus , as these may be signs of dehydration . - loss of too much fluid from your body , seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). these are signs of dehydration : - very dry or sticky mouth , feeling very thirsty - tired or passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see immediately , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin 75 75 . - serious infection such as : - feeling very thirsty - tired or passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see immediately , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin 75 75 . - serious infection such as : - feeling very thirsty - tired or passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see immediately , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin 75 75 . - serious infection such as : - feeling very thirsty - tired or passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see immediately , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin 75 , 75 or other flu - like symptoms include : - feeling very sleepy or tired - passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see immediately tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin 75 , 75 or other flu - like symptoms include : - feeling very sleepy or tired - passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people  infection , fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , muscle cramps , urinary tract infections , low blood pressure , low blood pressure during the injection site , redness , swelling , pain and inflammation at the injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild and only go away over time . infection : fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , loss of hair , loss of hair , pain , swelling , redness or redness at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site ( inflammation at injection site ). these can be avoided by changing the injection site . tell your doctor if you have pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site may occur . these can be avoided by changing the injection site . infection and fever , low white blood cell count , low red blood cells , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , ears_ringing sensation ( such as irritability , nausea and vomiting ). hair loss . dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , frequent urination , altered urination . general feeling of being unwell , general feeling of being unwell . general depression , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , rapid heartbeat , and decreased libido . at injection site , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , back pain , urinary tract infection , feeling of coldness , pain , swelling , redness or redness at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site ( inflammation at injection site ). these can be avoided by changing the injection site . tell your doctor if you have a rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , back pain , urinary tract infection , feeling of coldness , pain , swelling , redness or redness at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site may occur . these can be avoided by changing the injection site . tell your doctor if you have a rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , general feeling of being unwell , general feeling of being unwell , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , sleep problems such as changes in mood or loss of taste , altered or loss of taste , pain , swelling , swelling or redness at the injection site , or inflammation at the injection site . if this occurs , you should tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache ; dizziness ; drowsiness ; nausea ; stomach ache ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; vomiting . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people  infection  fever ; chills  shivering  stomach pain  nausea ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; hair loss ; muscle cramps ; urinary tract infection ; low blood pressure ; low blood pressure ; decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( seen in a blood test ). redness , swelling , pain and inflammation at the injection site ; inflammation of the blood vessels ; infection of the blood vessels ; fever ; chills  shivering  stomach pain  nausea ; vomiting ; stomach pain ; diarrhoea ; indigestion ; constipation ; hair loss ; dry skin ; rash ; itching ; dry skin ; hair loss ; dry skin ; muscle cramps ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; feeling of coldness ; loss of hair ; pain , swelling and redness ; reactions at the injection site ( caused by injection site reactions ; inflammation at the injection site ; caused by a fungus ; fever ; low white blood cell count ; low red blood cell count ; decreased appetite ; anxiety ; depression ; anxiety ; difficulty sleeping ; sleep disorders ; changes in mood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache and dizziness ( during or after the infusion ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , flushing , skin_rash skin rash , blocked or runny nose , nasal congestion , dry mouth , discomfort or mouth sores , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin rash , skin rash , acne , skin_pain hair loss , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin rash , skin redness , acne , skin_pain hair loss , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin rash , skin redness , acne , skin_pain hair loss , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin rash , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne , skin peeling , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to bevacizumab . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . the signs may include difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be associated with difficulty breathing , sudden onset rash or rash , which may indicate a fever , chills , shivering or shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach ( stomach ) pain , stomach ( gut ) pain , stomach ( gut ) pain . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these . signs of a heart problem such as : pain , tenderness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or jaw , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth ; these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing ; feeling weak or energy ; fever ; chills ; shivering ; feeling sick ( nausea ); being sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; stomach ( abdominal ) pain ; stomach and gut : stomach pain or gut ; gut pain ; if you notice any of the above signs or stomach problems , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to lower your pain , tenderness , swelling , or sores in your mouth and / or jaw , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth ; these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . pre - menopausal women ( women ) and / or pain , tenderness , swelling or sores in the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . pre - menopausal women ( women ) and a history of opportunistic feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , sores in the stomach , stomach or gut gut problems . this can be a sign of a hole in the wall of your stomach or gut . this may be due to blood clots in the lung . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor if you notice any of the side effects listed above . if you notice any of the above , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . some patients have had a serious allergic reaction that causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be accompanied by fever , chills , shivering and shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , sores ( stomach ) pain , in the stomach , stomach or gut . this may be a sign of an infection of the stomach or gut . this may be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : pain , tenderness , swelling , or sores in your mouth and / or jaw , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . pre - menopausal women ( women who have a menstrual cycle ) may notice that their periods become irregular or are missed and may experience impaired fertility . if you are considering having children you should discuss this with your doctor before your treatment starts . bevacizumab has been developed and made to treat cancer by injecting it into the bloodstream . it has not been developed or made for injection into the bloodstream . it is therefore not authorised to be used in this way . when bevacizumab is injected directly into the bevacizumab ( unapproved use ), the following side effects may occur : - difficulty in breathing - feeling weak or energy - fever - chills - shivering - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be life threatening and lead to a dangerous condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes difficulty in breathing or slurred_speech , which could be a sign of serious infection which may be life - threatening . - a severe infection characterised by fever , chills , warm , warm , confusion , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , - irregular heartbeat , - slow heartbeat , - arrhythmia , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , and fast heartbeat . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , and fast heartbeat . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , confusion , disorientation , or loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , and fast heartbeat . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( arrhythmia and changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin ), - agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , and heavy heartbeat . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , visual impairment , arrhythmia or agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , and heavy heartbeat . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( arrhythmia and changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin ), - agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , and heavy heartbeat . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , visual impairment , loss_of_control_of_body_movements or arrhythmia ( signs of changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin ) - agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , and heavy heartbeat . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , visual impairment , loss_of_control_of_body_movements or arrhythmia ( signs of changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin ) - agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , and heavy heartbeat . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , visual impairment , loss_of_control_of_body_movements or arrhythmia ( signs of changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin ) - agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , and heavy heartbeat . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , itching , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of kidney problems ) - dialysis ( lung inflammation ) - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing - stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , headache , stomach ache , joint pain , - kidney problems , - kidney failure , dialysis - vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , - bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) and peeling of the skin . these may be the signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people low blood sugar - nausea , flatulence - headache - stomach ache - joint pain - back pain - blood in urine - kidney problems not working properly - vomiting - joint pain - muscle pain , back pain - interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and pioglitazone : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , headache , stomach ache , joint pain , - kidney failure , - kidney failure , dialysis - vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , - damage to the kidney , - damage to the liver , - damage to the liver , sudden change in the way things taste - vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , flatulence - headache - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , arm or leg leg pain - dizziness , itching - abnormal urine odour - kidney problems which may cause vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking pioglitazone alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - combination of a widespread low blood sugar , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , flatulence - headache - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain , arm or leg leg pain - dizziness , itching - increased tendency to bruise muscle pain - muscle pain , back pain - interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking pioglitazone alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - combination of a widespread low blood sugar , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , flatulence - headache - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain , arm or leg leg pain - dizziness , itching - increased tendency to bruise muscle pain - muscle pain , back pain - interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking pioglitazone alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - combination of a widespread low blood sugar , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , flatulence - headache - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain , arm or leg leg pain - dizziness , itching - increased tendency to bruise muscle pain - muscle pain , back pain - interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking pioglitazone alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - combination of a widespread low blood sugar , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , flatulence - headache - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain , arm or leg leg pain - dizziness , itching - increased tendency to bruise muscle pain - muscle pain , back pain - interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any of the following , stop taking xultophy and tell your doctor straight away : - if you notice any of the following or combination of the following side effects , as these may be signs of serious allergic reaction : - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - hives , itchy or itching - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or death ( frequency not known ), stop taking xultophy and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious allergic reaction : hives , itchy or itching all over your body , loss of appetite or confused , - sudden increase in blood pressure and feeling of confused . - a sudden decrease in blood pressure and feeling of confused . this may be a sign of a serious condition called death . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hypersensitivity and anaphylactic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - a_serious_allergic_reaction , anaphylactic reactions ( a serious allergic reaction ), such as hives , itchy or itching all over the body , loss of appetite , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , confused and increased heart rate and sudden increase in blood pressure and feeling of confused . - an increase in the amount of sugar in your blood , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - hives , itchy or itching all over the body , loss of appetite , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , confused and increased heartbeat ( signs of a heart problem or irregular heart beat ) - chest infection ( pneumonia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) and low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . - if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if severe low blood sugar is not treated over time , it can cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . - if you are having glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if severe low blood sugar is not treated over time , it can cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . - if you are having glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if severe low blood sugar is not treated over time , it can cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . - if you are having glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if severe low blood sugar is not treated over time , it can cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and itchy swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - headache - fast heartbeat - fast heartbeat - confused , increased heartbeat - a fast heart rate - a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to a stroke . - an increase in the amount of sugar in your blood - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if severe low blood sugar is not treated over time , it can cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . - if you are having glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of giotrif are usually mild and mild and will generally disappear within a short time . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : a rash , itching or hives on the skin , blisters of the lips , eyes , and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). widespread rash , blistering of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or blistering of the skin ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens-johnson_syndrome and stevens - johnson syndrome . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , upper respiratory tract infections , cough , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , abdominal pain , nausea , increase in liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , spinning ( ear ear disorder ), change in ear colour , kidney failure , loss of blood supply to the heart muscle , fluid around the heart , fluid around the eyes , fluid in the lungs , with or without back pain , nausea , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear pain ), cough , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems , abdominal pain , abdominal distension , severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain , stomach cramps , abdominal pain , heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), liver disorder , high blood pressure in the urine , high or low levels of potassium in the blood , high levels of sugar in the blood , high levels of sugar in the blood , dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear pain ), presence of blood in the urine , cough , shortness of breath ( signs of gastrointestinal problems ). abdominal pain or inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), liver_injury or dark spots in the centre of the eyes , ear problems , presence of blood in the urine , fluid retention in the eyes or eyes , redness of the skin , ear or ear , ear problems , presence of blood in the urine , fluid retention in the face and eyes , abnormal ear sounds , kidney failure , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the face , eyes yellowing of the skin or eyes , abnormal ear sounds , kidney failure , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the face and eyes , redness of the skin , ear or ear , ear pain , presence of blood in the urine , fluid retention in the face and eyes , redness of the skin , ear or ear , ear pain , presence of blood in the urine , fluid retention in the face and eyes , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear pain ), cough , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems ( including abdominal pain ), abdominal pain , severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain , difficulty passing stools , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , difficulty in swallowing , high or low blood pressure , liver function tests abnormal including kidney failure or eyes , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), inner_ear_disorder coloured urine , breast_mass coloured urine , inability to hold or maintain an erection , changes in eyesight colour , nail disorder or presence of blood in urine , loss of eyelashes or breast_mass , clouding of the lens in the eye ( ear effusion ), kidney failure , blood clots in the veins in the legs ( signs may include kidney failure , blood in the urine ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , ear pain , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the face or eyes , redness of the skin , ear or ear , abnormal ear sounds , kidney failure , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the face or eyes , redness of the skin , ear or ear , abnormal ear sounds , kidney failure , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the face or eyes , redness of the skin , ear or ear , ear pain , blood in the urine , fluid in the urine , fluid in the lungs , inflammation of the lining of the pancreas , ear pain , presence of blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , inflammation of the lining of the pancreas , ear pain , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , inflammation of the lining of the pancreas , ear pain , blood in the urine ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , which could be symptoms of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other possible side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( lymphopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( lymphopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( lymphopenia ) feeling sick ( nausea ) loss of appetite common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( leukopenia ) pale skin feeling weak or having a cold sore chest feeling dizzy or having fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of feeling of faintness , fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat , feeling your heart beat or being sick ) or dizziness . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) pale skin feeling weak or having a cold feeling feeling very tired or having fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat ) if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( leukopenia ) pale skin feeling weak or having a cold feeling feeling very tired or having fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of feeling of faintness , fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat , feeling your heart beat , feeling your heart beat , feeling your heart beat , feeling your heart beat or being short of breath when you stand up ) dizziness when standing up ( fluid retention ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( leukopenia ) pale skin feeling weak or having a cold feeling feeling very tired or having fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat , feeling your heart beating ( fast or uneven ) dizziness , symptoms of infection of the airways ( oedema peripheral ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( leukopenia ) pale skin feeling sleepy or having a cold feeling feeling dizzy or having fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of heart problems or palpitations ) dizziness symptoms of infection of the airways such as pneumonia ( oedema ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( leukopenia ) pale skin feeling weak or having a cold feeling feeling very tired or having fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of heart problems or palpitations , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heart rate ) if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) pale skin feeling weak or having a cold feeling feeling very tired or having fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of heart problems or palpitations ) dizziness symptoms of infection of the airways such as pneumonia ( oedema ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( leukopenia ) pale skin feeling weak or having a cold feeling feeling very tired or having fast heart beat , feeling your heart beat ( signs of heart problems or palpitations ) dizziness symptoms of infection of the airways such as pneumonia ( oedema ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( leukopenia ) pale skin feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or throat , with or without swelling , fever , shivering , shivering , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , or irregular heart beat , or irregular heartbeat , or a fast heart rate , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach swelling , fever , sweating or shivering . these symptoms may be signs of low blood pressure , which could be life threatening . heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction that causes severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) ( rare ) an uncommon side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue and throat , decreased blood flow to the eyes ( ohss ), stroke , heart attack , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue and / or throat , decreased blood pressure , feeling of faintness , weight gain ) and sudden decrease in blood pressure . this is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): failure of the blood vessels in the skin ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke and heart attack ( not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke , heart attack , low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing . swelling of the arms or legs . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , which may include swelling of the face and throat , decreased blood pressure , changes in blood clotting . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): failure of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) which can cause swelling of the face and throat , decreased levels of blood platelets , weight gain , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the arms and legs . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of ovaleap . however , it is not known whether serious_blood_clotting_complications was the cause . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , decreased function of the white blood cells , decreased blood volume ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( ohss which can cause stroke , heart attack , decreased blood volume , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and a rapid heartbeat ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of ovaleap . however , it is not known whether these events were directly to prevent . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : some of these skin reactions may be severe and could lead to a severe allergic reaction . if you notice any of the following : swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , fever , breathing difficulties or severe headache , fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , hallucinations , vomiting or confusion , or confusion . this could be signs of liver problems . if you notice any skin problems such as a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , rash or peeling of the skin , with a rash or peeling skin , or ulcers in your mouth , nose , genitals and eyes , rash and flu - like symptoms , with fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , headache , confusion , seizures , tremors , unusual sensations , numbness , tingling , or weakness in hands , feet , double vision , speech problems , abnormal thinking , speech disorder , altered or hearing loss , mental status changes , decreased sensitivity to noise , swinging vision , intolerance to light , partial loss of vision , double vision , double vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , halo vision , seeing flashes of light , hallucinations , vomiting , confusion , abnormal heart rhythm ( signs of liver problems ) - skin rash or blisters on the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause fever and flu - like symptoms , followed by fever , chills , headache , confusion , seizures , tremors or tingling sensations , pins and needles , feeling of numbness , pins and needles , double vision , speech problems , abnormal thinking , speech disorder , altered or hearing loss , loss of vision , eye disorder , ringing in the ears , double vision , changes in vision , double vision , intolerance to light , ringing in the ears , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , decreased vision ,
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these side effects may happen with the use of mvabea . the most frequently reported side effects are pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , swelling where the injection is given itching where the injection is given itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given 17 than 39 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness and swelling where the injection is given itching where the injection is given itching , pain , swelling , warmth and redness where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling or non - cancerous sores in your skin ( redness and itching ) where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain or swelling in your legs ( signs may include swelling of your lips , tongue or throat ) fever , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice 59 . a small number of cases not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma attack other possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain and leg cramps feeling of weakness in the hands and feet ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain and leg cramps feeling of pressure in the hands and feet ( may be signs of peripheral neuropathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) itching and swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . see also section 2 . additional side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling weak fever ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain and leg cramps feeling of pressure in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart problems which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) blood clots in the lungs ( frequency not known ) also frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma attack 59 other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling weak fever ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain and leg cramps feeling of pressure in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart problems which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) fluid around the lungs ( frequency not known ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling weak fever ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain and leg cramps feeling of weakness in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart problems which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( a type of severe skin and mucous membranes reaction that may be life threatening ) itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma ( fits ) 59 other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling weak fever ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain and leg cramps feeling of pressure in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart problems which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious liver problems ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) liver problems including severe kidney problems such as painful swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a severe rash with a rash or a rash tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased blood pressure urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection decreased appetite increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) blurred vision blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : wheezing or other signs of infection such as increased blood pressure , fever , chills or increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat fractures ( fractures ) back pain joint pain , back pain urinary tract infection ( signs of a viral infection ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the lungs fractures ( collection of blood outside of blood vessels ) fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat fractures ( fractures ) back pain joint pain , back pain urinary tract infection blood clot in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) fractures ( high blood pressure ) fractures ( fluid retention ) fractures ( fluid retention ) urinary tract infection blood clot in the lungs ( deep vein thrombosis ) fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection urinary tract infection fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection lack of oxygen from legs lung disease ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection urinary tract infection fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection lack of oxygen from normal blood vessels in lungs fluid retention urinary tract infection urinary tract infection fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of the lungs fluid in lungs urinary tract infection fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection fractures ( collection of fractures ) high blood pressure painful and frequent urination urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a vein collection of fluid around the lungs acute ovarian cysts shortness of breath urinary tract infection fluid collection in the lungs acute kidney failure fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of blood vessels fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection urinary tract infection fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection shortness of breath urinary tract infection bleeding from the nose bleeding in stomach or intestine urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a vein collection of fluid in lungs fluid retention urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection fractures ( collection of blood outside in blood vessels ) fractures leg spasms urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung shortness of breath high blood pressure painful and frequent urination heart attack bleeding from the lung blood clot in the lung blood clot in a vein collection of blood vessels fractures shortness of breath urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in the lung blood clot in a vein collection of fluid in the lungs acute kidney failure fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of blood vessels fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure painful and frequent urination urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a vein collection of fluid in the lungs acute kidney failure inflammation of the lungs acute kidney failure fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of blood vessels fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of blood vessels fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of the lungs ( leading to fractures ) kidney failure blood clot in the lung blood clot in the lung blood clot in a vein collection of fluid in the lungs acute kidney failure inflammation of the lining of lungs fluid retention urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection acute fractures accumulation of fluid in the lungs acute kidney failure fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of blood vessels fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of blood vessels fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of blood vessels fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure inflammation of the lungs ( leading to fractures ) kidney failure blood clot in the lung blood clot in the lung blood clot in the lung blood clot in a vein collection of fluid in the lungs acute kidney failure inflammation of the lining of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) lack of absorption of oxygen from the lung blood clot in the lung blood clot in the lung blood clot in a vein thrombosis due to fractures shortness of breath nasal drainage fluid from the lungs bone
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious allergic ( anaphylaxis ) such as anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) and life - threatening allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). you should seek immediate medical attention if you experience any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation . during treatment with treatment , you may be having a serious allergic reaction to zinforo . if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation during treatment with zinforo during treatment with zinforo during treatment with zinforo during treatment . this may be due to the treatment of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . neutropenia ). you should discuss your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation during treatment . other possible side effects : low blood cell counts ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ) and blood treatment may occur during or after treatment with treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are taking treatment and will monitor you during treatment . other high blood counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is treated . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during and after treatment with treatment and will monitor the best treatment . tell your doctor right away if you notice any changes in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is treated . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during and after treatment with treatment and will monitor the best treatment . tell your doctor right away if you notice any changes in the number of white blood cells , including neutropenia , neutropenia , or your_red_blood_cells it may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section " warnings and precautions "). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during treatment with treatment with treatment . other high blood cell counts ( including neutropenia , neutropenia , and other white blood cells may make you more prone to your_red_blood_cells , and a your_red_blood_cells ). during treatment with treatment , you may experience the following additional side effects : low blood cell counts ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia , or your_red_blood_cells ). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during treatment with treatment with treatment . other possible side effects during treatment with treatment may include a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , which are important in fighting infection ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if treatment has become severe and life - threatening . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is treated . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during and after treatment with treatment and will stopped during treatment . other high blood counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ) and blood treatment may occur during or after treatment with treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are using treatment with treatment . other high blood counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during treatment with treatment with treatment . other possible side effects during treatment with treatment may include a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , which are important in fighting infection ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if treatment has become severe and life - threatening . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during and after treatment with treatment and will monitor the best treatment . tell your doctor right away if you notice any changes in your blood cells ( e . g . neutropenia , neutropenia , or your_red_blood_cells ). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during treatment with treatment with treatment . other possible side effects during treatment with treatment may include a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , which are important in fighting infection ). your doctor will monitor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as pain_in_limb or sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , peeling skin and hives , yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the following side effects may occur with xadago : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - low blood pressure - difficulties in sleeping - sweating - fever - sore throat - runny nose - 31 - heartburn - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - abdominal pain - cramps , weakness , feeling weak or collapse - these may be signs of a so - called neuroleptic malignant syndrome . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - low blood pressure - headache - feeling of spinning ( insomnia ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , wind , dry mouth - constipation , vomiting - decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , - loss of appetite , back pain , neck pain , - abnormal blood test results , - injury , pain , loss of sensation , stiffness , feeling weak , feeling hot , fever , high blood sugar levels , high blood sugar levels , increase in blood creatinine , increased blood triglycerides , - increased muscle enzyme in your blood , muscle weakness , stiffness , muscle spasms , muscle spasms - kidney problems including decreased blood flow to parts of the veins , injury , pain , burning sensation , cramps , feeling cold , feeling hot , fever - high blood sugar - high blood sugar level , increased blood triglycerides , increased creatinine - muscle problems , muscle spasms , stiffness , painful or painful urination , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - inability to obtain the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour - changes in the way things taste - muscle weakness - kidney problems - reduced functioning of urination , including difficulty in getting or keeping an erection - changes in the way things taste - abnormal sense of taste - numbness , loss of sensation or cramps - feeling hot , feeling hot - fever - high level of sugar in your blood - high blood sugar level , increase in blood sugar level - decreased magnesium , muscle stiffness , stiffness , painful joint or cramps , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - lack of interest or inability to pass urine , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a feeling of general discomfort , numbness , loss of or cramps - feeling hot , feeling hot , fever - high blood sugar - high blood sugar level , increase in blood creatinine - increased muscle enzyme in your blood , decreased blood phosphorus , muscle stiffness , stiffness , painful joint or cramps , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - lack of interest or inability to pass urine , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a feeling of general discomfort , numbness , loss of or weakness , feeling hot , feeling hot , fever - high blood sugar - high blood sugar level , increase in blood creatinine - increased muscle enzyme in your blood , decreased blood phosphorus , muscle stiffness , stiffness , painful joint or cramps , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - lack of interest or inability to pass urine , needing to urinate more often , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a feeling of general discomfort , numbness , loss of or weakness , feeling hot , feeling hot , fever - high blood sugar - high blood sugar level , increase in blood creatinine - increased muscle enzyme in your blood , decreased blood phosphorus , muscle stiffness , stiffness , painful joint , cramps or cramps - feeling hot , feeling hot - fever - high level of sugar in your blood , high blood sugar , increased blood triglycerides confusional state , muscle twitching , stiffness , painful swelling and cramps - feeling hot , feeling hot - fever - high level of sugar in your blood , high blood sugar levels , increased blood triglycerides - difficulties , muscle stiffness , stiffness , painful swelling , muscle spasms - cramps , feeling hot - feeling hot - fever - high blood sugar - high blood sugar level - increased blood triglycerides - decreased magnesium in your blood - muscle weakness , stiffness , painful joint or cramps - feeling hot , feeling hot - fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - heart problems including breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties or breathing and / or breathing difficulties as these may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( acute respiratory distress syndrome ). - heart attack , blood clots in blood vessels , which can cause arrhythmia or arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ) - urinary palpitations ( common ) - urinary palpitations ( inability to get blood flow to the heart ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast or irregular heartbeat ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast or irregular heartbeat ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - abnormal heart rhythm - high blood pressure - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - blood clot in blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart_failure or severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction , - fever , trouble breathing , swallowing , feeling weak or tired , which may be signs of heart problems or shock , which may be signs of heart problems : - shock , which may lead to a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if you experience partial loss of vision , this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be fatal . - if you experience sudden breathlessness , trouble breathing , swallowing or feeling weak , tired or coughing ( signs of nervous system problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness , and sometimes even a sensation of movement ) - heart attack , or sudden increase in blood pressure and type of liver enzymes known as ' guillain - barr syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your immune_system and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , difficulty remembering , swelling of eyelids , face and / or jaw , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - blood clots in the lungs ( lung infiltration ) tell your doctor if you experience any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - severe flu - like symptoms , such as fever , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired or coughing ; signs of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of leg problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness ; signs of a liver problem ( including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) - sudden and severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other flu - like symptoms , such as fever , wounds , dental problems , difficulty breathing , feeling weak or tired , coughing , signs of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness , or a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and shock or new hepatitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) - cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and wounds - lack of energy , difficulty speaking , feeling weak or tired , coughing , signs of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision , or changes in leg or behaviour - hearing loss , or onset of psoriasis in one or both urine , and sudden vision loss , inflammation of the pancreas , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , sudden onset of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some infusion reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention if you have any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : 24 - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of consciousness . these reactions are usually mild and occur within the first 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or discontinue paracetamol , and must give you on your infusion . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of consciousness . these reactions are usually mild to moderate but some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the number of consciousness . these reactions are usually mild to moderate but some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you start to your infusion - related reaction , you must consult your doctor or nurse immediately . your doctor may give you other medicines to reduce the reaction , and the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - if you experience 38 signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood poisoning ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). hand and foot skin - reaction can lead to loss of fingerprint , which could impact your identification by fingerprint scan . in addition to the above , when capecitabine is used alone , very common side effects which may affect more than 1 in 10 people are : - reduction in blood sodium , magnesium or calcium , increase in blood sugar nerve - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - rapid heartbeat , or irregular heartbeat - palpitations ( palpitations ), - heart rhythm problems ( palpitations , irregular heartbeat , or palpitations ) - palpitations ( fits ) - irregular heartbeat and palpitations ( palpitations ) - cough - being sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your chest ( hand - foot syndrome ) - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - neurotoxicity can make you more likely to feel neurotoxicity or are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your any_diarrhoea . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking capecitabine teva if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . your doctor will test for these changes . other side effects which may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood sodium , magnesium or calcium , increase in blood sugar - ringing or buzzing in the urine - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - heart palpitations - irregular heartbeat , palpitations ( palpitations ) - heart rhythm problems ( palpitations ) - ear pain - irregular heartbeat and palpitations ( palpitations ) - palpitations ( fast or irregular heartbeat ) - irregular heartbeat - palpitations ( palpitations ) - headache - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - stomatitis ( pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat ) - mucosal inflammation - reduction in the number of red blood cells ( neutropenia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , hives or itchy skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving silodosin_recordati . palpitations , loss of consciousness , feeling faint or having a loss of consciousness . these signs may include : swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , hives or itchy skin these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) runny nose ( runny nose ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite runny or stuffy nose allergic reactions such as itchy skin , rash , itching , hives , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing or feeling faint or loss of consciousness heart problems such as palpitations or loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for kinzalmono . possible side effects of telmisartan : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic - type reactions , including allergic shock , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling_of_the_face ( swelling of the face , hives , urticaria ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects when taking telmisartan alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the skin or mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people allergic - type reactions , including anaphylactic shock , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling_of_the_face ( swelling of the face , hives , urticaria ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling ( urticaria ), severe skin reactions , joint pain ( arthralgia ) pain in extremity , arms and / or legs , and a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia aggravated ), in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) liver doesn ' t function as well as it should ( changes in liver function ) sleep disturbances ( hoarseness ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or throat , hives ( urticaria ), severe allergic reaction with joint pain ( arthralgia ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may require treatment right away ) a reduction in the amount of potassium in your blood ( anaemia ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a marked decrease of some white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) symptoms include tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and hives , allergic reactions with symptoms such as tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( e . g . hives , a widespread rash , which may be a sign of sudden swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - severe liver damage ( fulminant hepatitis , e . g . severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your liver , as these may be signs of peripheral neuropathy , which may be fatal , - severe sometimes life - threatening reactions during treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - bruising or bruising , which may be due to a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . severe rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with or without difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor or nurse immediately : - if you experience unusual bleeding such as bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bleeding in your brain or behaviour ( signs of pancytopenia or seizures ). - loss of appetite , weight loss , hallucination , memory impairment or loss of hearing , difficulty speaking , - difficulty in speaking or understanding others - a sudden fall in blood pressure ( palpitations ) - ringing in the ears , deafness or ringing in the ears - anxiety/depression ( palpitations ), shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , vomiting - difficulty in swallowing , severe tiredness , swelling of limbs , back or pains , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain - frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , - difficulty speaking or inability to pass urine , difficulty to pass urine , difficulty to start urinating , needing to pass urine , difficulty to start urinating , needing to pass urine , needing to pass more urine than normal , earache , ringing in the ears - anxiety/depression ( palpitations ), - slow or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ), shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach discomfort , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , vomiting - difficulty in swallowing , severe tiredness , swelling of limbs , back or pains , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain - frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , - difficulty in speaking , - changes in the sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), - slow or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ), shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , vomiting - difficulty in swallowing , severe tiredness , swelling of limbs , back or pains , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain - frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , - difficulty in speaking , - changes in the sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), - slow or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ), shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , vomiting - difficulty in swallowing , severe tiredness , swelling of limbs , back or pains , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain - frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , - difficulty speaking , - difficulty in speaking , - changes in the sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), - slow or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ), shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , upset stomach , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , vomiting - difficulty in swallowing , severe tiredness , swelling of limbs , back or pains , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain - frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , - difficulty speaking , - difficulty in speaking , - changes in the sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( convulsions ) - irregular heart beat ( palpitations ) - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach discomfort , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , vomiting - difficulty in swallowing , excessive sweating , night sweats ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , swelling of the face or throat , hives , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this could be a sign of serious side effects , which may be life threatening and need urgent medical attention . serious side effects other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the reflux - back pain - muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - pain in hands or feet - loss of appetite - nasal congestion or indigestion - nasal congestion - nose bleeds - indigestion , vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleeds - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine odour - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - kidney stones - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine odour - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - vaginal bleeding , blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine odour - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion - reflux of stomach - back pain , muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - painful or painful urination - nasal congestion - nose bleed - indigestion ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( more than 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious or life - threatening . for more information , see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia ( a very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects hypoglycaemia ( if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects 31 : very common : feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), hypersensitivity ( e . g . rash , itchy skin ). other side effects hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10,000 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), hypersensitivity ( e . g . rash , itchy skin ). other side effects hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), hypersensitivity ( e . g . rash , itchy skin ) other side effects hypoglycaemia ( a very rare side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects 31 : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects 31 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections - low white blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ) - flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing , - swelling of the lips , itching , rash and / or rash . these could be a sign of tissue damage in the tissues around the nose and gut . - serious allergic reactions . if you notice any of these signs or signs , seek medical advice immediately . - if you notice any of these signs or signs , or if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections ( low blood pressure ) ( thrombocytopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ) - a low level of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , sore throat or runny nose or runny nose - common ( may affect up to runny_nose in 10 people ): - infections - low white blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ) - a low level of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or voicebox , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , increased gas in the stomach or bowel , - back pain , - back pain , - muscle pain , - back pain , - pain at injection site , redness , swelling or swelling at the infusion site , which may be caused by blood clots ( platelets ) - problems with blood clotting ( e . g . swollen lymph nodes and other body organs ) - kidney problems including acute renal failure ( high or low blood pressure ) - weight loss - sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , fits ( fits ), - feeling of happiness ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or voicebox , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , increased gas in the stomach ( abdomen ) - back pain , - back pain , - muscle pain , - pain at injection site , redness , swelling and swelling at the infusion site , which may be caused by the presence of treatment , blood in the urine , protein in the urine , kidney problems ( e . g . fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or other flu - like symptoms , weight loss , sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , memory impairment ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), - fever , sore throat , nose bleed , runny nose , nasal congestion or other stomach pain , - vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , increased gas in the stomach ( abdomen ) - back pain , - back pain , - muscle pain , - pain at injection site , redness , swelling and swelling at the infusion site , which may be caused by the presence of treatment , blood in the urine , protein in the urine , kidney problems ( e . g . fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or other flu - like symptoms , weight loss , sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , fits ( hypotension ), - feeling of happiness ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), - fever , sore throat , nose bleed , runny nose , nasal congestion or other flu - like illness , weight loss , sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , memory impairment ( hypotension ), - increase in blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), - a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), - a condition called fever , sore throat , nose bleed , swollen hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), - weight loss , - sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , - fits ( hypotension ), - feeling of happiness ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), - fever , sore throat , nose bleed , runny nose , nasal congestion or other flu - like
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , hives muscle ( muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , chest pain , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , chest pain , chest pain , thirst , difficulty in breathing , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , face lips , tongue or limbs , joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty in urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , frequent urination , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs ( face ) muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty with urination , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions , such as pain , swelling , redness or itching_of_the_skin itching of the skin ( erythema ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction difficulty in breathing , chest pain , swelling of the face and / or throat ( which may be a sign of fluid retention of the muscle tissue ) blood clot in the legs or lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) signs of blood clot in the muscle or muscle , papilloedema or small bleeding from the eyes or other parts of the body , causing general feeling of flu - like symptoms , fever , flu - like illness , dry skin , mouth sores , inflammation of the mouth ( sinusitis ), headache , heartburn , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , abdomen ( abdominal ) pain , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . high levels of white blood cells ( anaemia ), shown in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , increased heart rate ( palpitations ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion indigestion , stomach discomfort , itching itching , redness of the skin , dermatitis , itching , itching of the skin , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , dry skin , itchy_skin_rash , itching , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis or itching of the skin , skin redness , dry skin , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , dry skin , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , dry skin , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , dry skin , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , dry skin , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , generalised itching , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , acne - like rash , joint pain , joint pain , or swelling of the face ( signs of facial oedema ) - joint pain or difficulty in breathing ( including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ) - headache , heartburn , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain - bile duct problems such as acute kidney failure , anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), - increased levels of creatinine in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain , increased heart rate ( palpitations ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - increased blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure - cough , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ) - stomach pain , itching , redness of the skin , dermatitis , itching , itching of the skin , dry skin , dermatitis , itching , itching of the skin , rash on skin , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , dry skin , itchy_skin_rash , itching , itching of the skin , generalised itching , - joint pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - a severe condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - decreased appetite - feeling sleepy - blurred vision - blurred vision - difficulty in sleeping - increased sensitivity to light - increased pressure in the eye - cough - shortness of breath - asthma - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - light - headedness - fainting - your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood pressure ( copd ) ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling confused , problems with coordination , blurred vision , blurred vision - increased tearing in the eye , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma - fever - your doctor may tell you to take your blood tests to check for any changes in your blood cells ( copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the level of some blood cells in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling confused , changes in vision - blurred vision , increased tearing in the eye , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , - fever , your doctor may tell you to stop taking a blood tests . - your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with adasuve . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the level of some blood cells in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling confused , changes in vision - blurred vision , increased tearing in the eye , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , - fever , your doctor may tell you to stop taking a blood tests . - your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with adasuve . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the level of some blood cells in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling confused , abnormal vision , blurred vision . - increased tearing in the eye , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , - fever . your doctor will tell you how to treat a low blood pressure . your doctor may prescribe a blood test to check your blood cell counts ( copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the level of some blood cells in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling hungry , problems with coordination , blurred vision , blurred vision . - increased tearing in the eye , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , - fever . your doctor may tell you how to treat a low blood pressure . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with copd . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the level of some blood cells in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( which may be due to low blood pressure ), bacteria , feeling of reduced_white_blood_cell_count , sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing , redness of the skin , itching , rash and / or rash . these could be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections due to low number of white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections , flu - like symptoms , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , cold sores , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , cold sores , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood pressure , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) throwing up ( vomiting ) abdominal ( belly ) pain , joint pain abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea inflammation of the mouth , abdominal pain , difficulty passing urine , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) tooth inflammation inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the mouth , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , headache , inflammation of the mouth , difficulty passing stools , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) cough cough vomiting abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach depression , abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping , abnormal dreams , joint pain 34 dizziness , emotional lability ringing in the ears , lack of energy sleep joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach depression , abdominal pain , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , joint pain 34 dizziness , emotional lability ringing in the ears , lack of energy , muscle pain , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea ( indigestion ) difficulty passing urine ( urinary retention ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea ( indigestion ) abnormal dreams , changes in taste 34 joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea ( indigestion ) abnormal dreams , changes in taste 34 joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea ( indigestion ) abnormal dreams , changes in taste 34 joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea ( indigestion ) abnormal dreams , changes in taste 34 joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , flushing inflammation of the stomach and mouth , difficulty passing stools , abnormal dreams joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , flushing inflammation of the stomach and mouth , difficulty passing stools , abnormal dreams joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , flushing inflammation of the stomach and mouth , difficulty passing stools , abnormal dreams joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , flushing inflammation of the stomach and intestines , difficulty passing urine , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain difficulty sleeping , joint pain 34 dizziness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal : - fever , chills , fatigue and swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet , muscle cramps . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; - stomach pain , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of blood cells ( anaemia , which may be accompanied with fever , chills , fatigue , pain in the limbs , muscle aches and pains in the joints . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - weight increase ; - sleepiness . - blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . - collapse , limpness or collapse . - difficulty in breathing . - wheezing or coughing . - urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness ( hypocalcaemia ). - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . - a sweet smell to the nearest hospital , if you get pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness at the injection site , such as pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness ( hypocalcaemia ). - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . - a sweet smell ( plum - coloured , plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and thigh with symptoms ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . - cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). symptoms may include new target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , jaw , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and / or stiffness - stiffness or stiffness . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness and hypocalcaemia ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness , stiffness or stiffness . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature it may be an early indication of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the infusion of varuby . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction : if you develop a fever , rapid pulse , or if you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever - severe fever - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , as a consequence may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop fever , low white blood cell count , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , low blood pressure , platelets which may make you feel faint upon standing stop using varuby and tell your doctor immediately . - fever and low white blood cell count ( e . g . platelets ) and / or a fever . in case of an allergic reaction , contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , as you may need urgent medical treatment . - if you have a fever , fever and low counts of platelets , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , itching or hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , voice alteration ( sinus pain , sore throat , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain and pain , throwing up from a lying or sitting position ), pain in arms or legs , muscle spasms , muscle spasm , skin inflammation , pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), inflammation of the heart muscle , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain or pain , indigestion ( reflux of food from the stomach ), heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), breaking or gas in the stomach or bowel , pain in arms or legs , muscle spasms , joint pain , pain in arms and legs ( dysuria ), fluid retention ( dysuria ), build - up of fluid in the lungs , which may be dysuria by a change in the way things taste , pain , back pain ( dysuria ), difficulty passing urine ( dysuria ), swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), collection of fluid in the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with clopidogrel_acino_pharma ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with clopidogrel_acino_pharma ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with clopidogrel_acino_pharma ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with clopidogrel_acino_pharma ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with clopidogrel_acino_pharma ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with clopidogrel_acino_pharma ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with clopidogrel_acino_pharma ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with clopidogrel_acino_pharma ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following : allergy : allergy ( inflammation or inflammation of the veins , which may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing inflammation of the pancreas ( uncommon side effect ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): allergy ( pain , inflammation or inflammation ) increased levels of bilirubin in your blood changes in the level of liver enzymes in your blood changes in the level of liver enzymes in your blood ( called alkaline phosphatase ) high level of " alkaline phosphatase " in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) high level of " alkaline phosphatase " in your blood ( a test for kidney function ) high uric acid levels in the blood 45 uncommon ( may affect up to increased_levels_of_lipase_increased_levels in increased_levels_of_lipase_increased_levels people ) 45 kidney failure inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) damage to the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling dizzy ( sleepy , feeling or being sick ) feeling drowsy , sleepy , migraine - like headaches , tingling or numbness of the ears feeling vertigo uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the neck , feeling agitated , abnormal muscle movements , changes in muscle tone , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), problems with the ears ( vertigo ), fluid retention in the arms and ears ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the mouth or throat dry mouth , dry mouth excessive sweating 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats ears , excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) feeling of pressure in the neck , feeling of ears ( signs of ears ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , blistering or peeling of the skin - blistering of the skin - change in the colour of the eye ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). - severe allergic reactions , or life - threatening skin rashes ( see also section " warnings and precautions ") - fever with chills , fever , chills , chills , feeling tired , - a general feeling of being unwell , - fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skin and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a fever , chills , fever , chills , chills , feeling tired , or a general feeling of being unwell , fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , which may be signs of a fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test results , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following immediately : fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , - severe tiredness , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe fever , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe fever , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal style of urine . - if you have scoliosis , chills , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be fatal . - if you have kidney disease or another high blood pressure contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , or a general feeling of being unwell , fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , which may be signs of a fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test results , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following immediately : fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling weak , and / or fever , which may be signs of a fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test results , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , or a general feeling of being unwell , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skin and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , - chills , - fever , - chills , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe tiredness , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe tiredness , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe tiredness , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which can be caused by low white blood cell count . - if you have kidney disease or another high blood pressure tell your doctor immediately . - if you have a combination of fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , or a general feeling of being unwell , fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - respiratory problems . - dizziness , abdominal pains , indigestion , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , tooth pain ( sinus disorder ), sinus disorder , back pain , joint pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , arms or legs , feeling nervous , difficulty falling asleep . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people decreased white blood cell count decreased , low white blood cell count decreased , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , depression , nervousness , tremor , nervousness , irritability , feeling drowsy , loss of taste , sensitivity to light , altered eyelid sounds ( palpitations ), irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , shortness of breath , asthma , fluid in the lungs , decreased blood flow to the heart , shortness of breath , asthma , fluid in the lungs , sinus infection , sinus infection , cold sores , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , back pain , inflammation of the mucosa of the eyelid ( cornea ), muscle weakness , back pain , pain in the limbs , eyelid and rib cage , pain in the limbs , cornea and rib cage , pain and redness have been reported . some of these reactions have been serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . possible side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation and loss of appetite . these could be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to be stopped . unusual bleeding may occur in patients who received pregnancy in the past . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following groups : - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your abdomen , as well as vomiting and loss of appetite . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your tissue and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain in the upper right area of the abdomen ( stomach area ) - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - fever - loss of appetite . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the most frequently reported adverse reactions of docetaxel teva is taken in combination with other agents . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you get pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - fever - loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by an injection of the medicine . - if you are receiving other medicines for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma the side effects you may get are listed below : - if you have an infection , which lasts for more than usual . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - fever - loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by an injection of the medicine . - if you are receiving other medicines for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma the side effects you may get are listed below : - if you have an infection , which lasts for more than usual . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - feeling sick , vomiting , fever and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by an injection of the medicine . - if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , the package leaflets for these medicines .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more riluzole_zentiva . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : an increase in the level of sugar in your blood ( which may show in your blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions : dizziness , numbness or numbness of the hands or feet , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or skin ), sometimes with difficulties in breathing or immediately , which may be signs of lung infections ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infections such as fever or serious deterioration of your general condition , or other organisms , signs of a lung problem . these may be signs of a lung problem : reduced number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : fever a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : severe reduction in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): infections , including infections of the lung or respiratory infections . infections infections of the lungs . low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : reduction in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : reduction in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : reduction in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : low white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause infections or sores in the mouth and other white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : low white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections , which may make you be more prone to infections severe infections caused by a decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : low white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections , which may make you be more prone to infections severe infections caused by a decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : low white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections , which may make you be more prone to infections severe infections caused by a decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : low white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections , which may make you be more prone to infections or make you notice any of the signs above . other side effects include : a reduction in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : low white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections , which may make you be more prone to infections severe infections due to a low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . infections tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious allergic ( allergic ) : difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with or without rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with or without rash . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site swelling , injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site redness , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site swelling , injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site redness , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site redness , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking defitelio : - if you experience fever , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or immediately , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor immediately . - fever , low blood pressure , and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you experience fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when ribavirin is used with ribavirin , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by daklinza or by other medicines that you are taking or an effect of the ribavirin medicine . it can be given by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you when you have any of the following while taking daklinza , you should immediately contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for this medicine . when this medicine is used with ribavirin , it is important to talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for this medicine . you may need to read the package leaflets for these medicines . it is important to read the information on this medicine . when ribavirin is used alone , but it can be taken by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . when you start taking this medicine , your doctor or your child ' s medicines before you are taking this medicine . it can be treated by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible if you get any of the following signs of an infusion - related reaction when they need urgent medical treatment . when you start taking this medicine , but it can be treated by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . when you start taking this medicine , your doctor or your child ' s medicines before you are taking this medicine . it can be treated by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have any of the following while taking this medicine . when you are given this medicine , your doctor will need to reduce your dose with you . when you are given this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the usual you have been given in your child ' s doctor . you should also read the information on this medicine . when you are given xigris , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as possible when you start taking this medicine . it is recommended to talk to your doctor if you have any further questions on the safety of this medicine . when you are given this medicine , your doctor will need to reduce your dose with you . when you are given this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your child ' s doctor . you may need to read it again . when you are given this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your child ' s doctor . you may need to read it again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . ribavirin can be very serious and patients should stop taking daklinza and see a doctor immediately if you have any of the following signs of an infusion - related reaction during or shortly after your daklinza medicine : ribavirin : when daklinza is taken alone , but it can be taken by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . when you start taking this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the medicine you have been given by your child ' s doctor . the signs and symptoms of your child may need urgent medical treatment . when you start taking this medicine and tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . your doctor may need to stop your medicine if you have any further questions while you are taking this medicine . it is recommended to read the information on this medicine . when you are given xigris , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as possible . if you do not respond to ribavirin treatment , you will be asked to take your first doses in a place where you will have ready access to medical care if you need it . if you are given this medicine , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as possible when you start taking this medicine . it is recommended that you keep this medicine and read the information about this medicine . when you are given this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your patient file . you may also wish to make a note of these details in case you are asked for this
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more proquad . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following allergic reactions an allergic reaction . these may be signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - if you have an allergic reaction , including hives , swelling , swelling , tenderness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - fever - signs of lung infection - fever - signs of an allergic reaction these can include : difficulty breathing or swallowing - an allergic reaction - the signs may include hives , swelling , swelling , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - fever - signs of bacterial infection , including fever , viral infections , and an infection of the measles - like symptoms such as hives , swelling , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection , - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infections , - fever , - collection of blood in the semen , - swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , - decreased respiratory drive , irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea , - high or low blood pressure , - measles - like symptoms , such as rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection , - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infection . - fever . - gastrointestinal disorders such as fever , skin_infection , swelling , swelling , soreness , swelling or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection , - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infection . - fever . - gastrointestinal disorders such as fever , skin_infection , swelling , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection , - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infection . - fever . - gastrointestinal disorders such as fever , skin_infection , swelling , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection , - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infection . - fever . - gastrointestinal disorders such as fever , skin_infection , swelling , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection , - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infection . - fever . - skin reactions . - swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . - respiratory : - irritability , - seizures , - seizures , - vomiting , - diarrhoea . - serious allergic reactions which causes swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling , pain , tenderness , swelling , soreness , swelling or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - fever - lung infection - fever . - lung infection . - symptoms of an allergic reaction . these can include : - difficulty breathing ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following reactions : hives , swelling , swelling , soreness , swelling or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - fever - lung infection - fever . signs of a lung infection such as fever , viral infection , and may be life - threatening , - swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , - decreased or altered
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty in breathing - swelling_of_the_eyelids swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a rash , itching and / or any other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( symptoms include : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , rash and itching of the skin . - if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a rash , fever and sore throat swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( symptoms include : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , rash and itching of the skin . - if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a rash , fever and sore throat swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , rash or itching of the skin or any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing - swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a rash , fever and sore throat swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( symptoms include : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , rash and itching of the skin . - if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a rash , fever and sore throat swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( symptoms include : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry rash , sneezing , stuffy nose , sore throat stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach ( stomach ) pain diarrhoea diarrhoea loss of appetite ( anorexia ) 36 hunger hunger feeling hunger or hunger severe infection of the skin , such as rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as a hypersensitivity reaction ) excessive hunger loss of appetite ( signs of a gastrointestinal disorder ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as thrombocytopenia ) other possible side effects include : excessive thirst or hunger swollen glands ( angioedema ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as thrombocytopenia ) if you experience a cough , hunger or other signs of infection such as swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " a dehydration , a feeling of hunger or hunger ). inflammation of the lungs which causes rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as thrombocytopenia ) if you experience a cough , hunger or other signs of infection such as swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a skin rash or rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a skin rash or rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a skin rash or rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a skin rash or rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a skin rash or rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a skin rash or rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a skin rash or rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a skin rash or rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a skin rash or rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) - a severe infection such as : - rash - itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ( signs of a serious
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the number of consciousness . these reactions are usually mild and occur within the first 24 hours after the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a fever , chills , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , as these may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills , - shivering , - feeling weak or tired , - signs of high blood pressure , - fever , sore throat or cold sores , itchy or cold skin or itchy , itchy , painful skin , itchy , itchy skin or itchy skin , itchy , itchy , itchy skin , itchy skin or itchy skin ( itchy ) - itchy skin or itchy skin ( itchy ) - itchy skin - itchy skin or itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin or itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin or itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin or itchy skin rash - itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin rash ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin rash ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin rash ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin - itchy skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking topotecan_actavis and see a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take topotecan_actavis "): infusion related reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening allergic reactions are severe and life threatening reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take topotecan_actavis "): infusion related reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take topotecan_actavis "): infusion related reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as : - interstitial lung lung inflammation ( angioedema ) - breathing difficulties - difficulty in breathing - cough - itchy skin - hives - swelling of the face and / or throat - difficulty breathing - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting - loss of appetite - this may be due to a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) ( angioedema ) - breathing difficulties - difficulty in breathing - cough - itchy skin - hives - swelling of the face and / or throat - difficulty breathing - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting - loss of appetite ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - signs of liver problems including interstitial lung disease and can be fatal . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - angioedema and breathing difficulties or difficulty in breathing - cough - itchy skin - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting - loss of consciousness - contact a doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects above . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - serious allergic reaction ( including anaphylactic shock ). - problems with your lungs such as : - interstitial lung disease ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or lung problems such as angioedema , breathing difficulties , difficulty in breathing , cough , itchy skin , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling sick , nausea and vomiting , loss of appetite , which may be signs of a urinary tract infection ( signs of liver problems ) such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , or blood in the urine . this may indicate that you have stevens - johnson syndrome and can be life threatening and require urgent 2 . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , ( interstitial lung disease , seen commonly ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). seek medical advice immediately if you experience symptoms such as signs of serious lung problems such as : - passing water less frequently , sore throat or sore throat , o cough , itchy skin or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling sick , nausea and vomiting , loss of appetite . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - liver problems including interstitial lung disease ( signs and symptoms of liver problems ) when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). see ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 warnings and precautions ' in section 2 . tell your doctor right away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing or cough - itchy skin , hives or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting - loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - involuntary movements ( dyskinesia ) - falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a change in your mood or falling asleep . these may be signs of falling very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - loss of too much fluid from your falling ( falling or falling asleep ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - loss of contact with reality ( urinary incontinence ). - feeling anxious . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): hyperactivity ( rapid heartbeat ) - restlessness - fast heart beat ( restlessness ) - allergic reaction - the signs may include : blisters and skin swelling . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the upper abdomen , stomach or stomach ( abdominal ) pain , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headaches , weight loss , weight gain , painful limbs ( peripheral sensory disorder ) muscle spasms , weight gain , feeling tired ( pain in the hands or feet ), muscle spasms , feeling tired ( pain in the hands or feet ) redness , swelling or inflammation in the digestive tract . stomach or stomach pain , upper abdominal pain , upper respiratory tract infections , stomach pain , constipation , inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestinal pain , indigestion , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain , constipation , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or bowel , which may be caused by a blood clot in the kidney , changes in kidney function tests , weight gain , ringing in the ears , weight gain , feeling cold ( vertigo ) difficulty in sleeping ( dysphagia ) pain in mouth , throat , nose , stomach , abdomen , stomach and back , redness , swelling or inflammation in the stomach and intestines , pain in upper stomach or abdomen , abdominal pain , stomach bloating , constipation , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) infection of the stomach or bowel , which may be caused by a blood clot in the kidney , increased level of creatinine in the blood , weight gain , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), muscle spasms , feeling tired , difficulty in walking ( peripheral sensory neuropathy ), swollen face , pain in the limbs , redness or swelling , inflammation or infection in the stomach or bowel , pain in the upper stomach or bowel , abdominal pain , stomach bloating , constipation , inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excess wind ( flatulence ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or stomach , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the stomach or bowel , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening , - infection of the lungs , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , infection , fever , respiratory infections ( signs of infection or fever ) - passing urgent water ( cold ) - breathing difficulties - chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). - allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) - chest pain or any other symptoms of infection such as : tiredness or feeling faint , especially when standing up ( signs of a lung infection ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon ) ( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) - chest pain which may be a sign of blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). you should have been tested by your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received pemetrexed . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infection_pharyngitis diarrhoea - low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) - low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - a build - up of acid in the blood caused by build - up of fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - chest pain - irregular heart beat ( heart_attack_narrowing ) - chest pain - irregular heart rhythm ( heart_attack_narrowing ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( pericardial effusion ) - fluid around the heart ( pericardial effusion ) - fluid around the heart ( pericardial effusion ) - acute myeloid leukaemia ( a disease that causes severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs ) - pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - hepatitis (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , which may affect more than 1 in 10 people are : headache dizziness low blood pressure . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach pain , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , hair loss , loss of hair , swelling of the face and / or eyes ( including eye inflammation ), eye inflammation , eyelid inflammation , eyelid inflammation , asthma , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , excess gas in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , loss of hair , swelling of the face and / or throat , asthma , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , dry eyes , swelling of hands , feet and feet ( including hand and needles ) skin discolouration , eye inflammation , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach , stomach_pain stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or painful eyes , inflammation of the eyelid , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the belly , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach , stomach_pain stomach stomach hair , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , muscle and eyes disorder , pain in the eyelid , asthma or asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach , stomach_pain stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , muscle and eyes disorder , pain in the eyelid , asthma or asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach , stomach_pain stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , eye sensitivity to light , eye_pain or coloured eyes , eye pain , abnormal eyes sensitivity to light , asthma or asthma due to widening of blood vessels , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , eye sensitivity to light , eye_pain or coloured eyes , eye pain , abnormal eyes sensitivity to light , asthma or asthma due to widening of blood vessels , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , eye sensitivity to light , eye pain , abnormal eyes sensitivity to light , asthma or asthma due to widening of blood vessels , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , eye sensitivity to light , eye pain , abnormal eyes sensitivity to light , asthma or asthma due to widening of blood vessels , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , eye sensitivity to light , eye pain , abnormal eyes sensitivity to light , asthma or asthma due to widening of blood vessels , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , eye sensitivity to light , eye pain , abnormal eyes sensitivity to light , asthma or asthma due to widening of blood vessels , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , eye sensitivity to light , eye pain , abnormal eyes sensitivity to light , asthma or asthma due to widening of blood vessels , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe skin reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , eyes and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dehydration , fever and difficulty breathing ( signs of a lung problem ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or fever - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . liver problems rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe skin reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin around the whole body ) - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the body ( jaundice ) - eye_problems ( a type of dehydration ) - vomiting - being sick ( nausea ) - nausea - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a reaction with the skin may become severe ( e . g . yellowing of the skin and the whites of the body ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : o severe skin reactions ( blisters and blisters ) on the skin where the patch is applied - small purple spots on the skin ( purpura ) - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - other allergic reactions which may include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). other possible signs of the_signs include : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe skin reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin around the body ) - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction which may include : - breathing difficulties - severe skin reactions ( blisters and blisters ) on the skin of the face , lips or tongue - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction which may include : - breathing difficulties - severe skin reactions ( blisters and blisters ) on the skin of the face , lips or tongue - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling or being sick - nausea - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver test results ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction which may include : o a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - sick ( feeling sick ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes or shortness of breath , blurred vision , which may be a sign of serious upper face , tongue or tongue . symptoms of pain , burning , burning , burning , burning , burning , numbness and / or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache dizziness diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea 36 36 36 urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , including numbness and burning sensation , pain in the mouth , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms may include : pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , burning pain or burning , burning pain or pain at the injection site injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , burning , or warmth at the injection site at injection site ), injection site numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 other side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 other side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 other side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 other side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 other side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 other side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , numbness , burning pain , pain in the mouth , lips , tongue and / or tongue . symptoms of symptoms may include : pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , burning , or pain at the injection site injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , injection site pain or numbness ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 other side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , numbness , burning , pain and / or pain in the limbs , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , burning , or pain at the injection site at the injection site , injection site numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 other side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , numbness , burning , pain and / or pain in the limbs , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms of pain , burning ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you : experience : fever , chills , sore throat or coughing , severe swelling of the skin , rashes , itchy skin or hives . these may be the signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your bone and anus . symptoms of high blood pressure may include tiredness , shortness of breath , cough , sick , inflammation of the mouth , heartburn , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; a rise in the levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; sudden decrease in blood pressure ; difficulty in breathing ; if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; a decrease in the levels of some white blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; rapid heart rate and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; a decrease in the levels of some white blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of eyes or lips or tongue , has been reported . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severely : - life - threatening inflammatory response to blistering of the skin and mucous membranes ( including cellulitis and cellulitis ) - thickening of the skin , inflammation of the eye , pain , spasms , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with prolia or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , as soon as possible : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . common side effects , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain in your upper upper abdomen . - upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection . - low red blood cell count . - rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , - enlargement of the heart muscle , - mild increase in blood pressure . - rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart or a faster or a slow heartbeat . - serious skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , cellulitis and cellulitis ). - in the eyes and difficulty in breathing or spasms , spasms and / or changes in the rhythm of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the abdomen ( upper stomach area ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the abdomen and upper respiratory tract ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; - urinary tract infection ; - urinary tract infection ; - urinary tract infection ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; - urinary tract infection ; - respiratory infection ; - urinary tract infection ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; - respiratory infection ; - urinary tract infection ; - respiratory infection ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; - urinary tract infection ; - rash with itching ; - swelling of the face ; uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - neck pain ; - inflammation of the pancreas ; - a sore throat , not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - cellulitis ( cellulitis and / or cellulitis ) - red spots on the skin ( uncommon ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart rate and enlargement of the heart ( a condition that may cause yellowing of the skin and the eyes , ( jaundice ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , a condition which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than one and more than needed to satisfy the treatment . tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the abdomen and upper respiratory tract
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - breathing pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . other side effects with ambirix may include : - if you experience pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following : bleeding , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs of bleeding such as : - redness or stinging of the face , face , chest or tongue - difficulty in breathing or swallowing - a sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - pain , redness , stinging , face or chest swelling and / or difficulty in breathing . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of severe allergic reaction : - if you experience pain , redness , stinging or stinging where the injection is given , such as bleeding , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - passing a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs : pain , redness , stinging , or stinging where the injection is given , such as bleeding , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse . these reactions can be severe or life - threatening . such reactions may be life - threatening . - low blood pressure , which may be a sign of a high temperature ( fever ) - feeling tired , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy or tired - loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of sudden loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face , face or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face , face or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face , face or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face , face or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face , face or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face , face or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face , face or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face , face or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face , face or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - blistering and stinging of the face , face
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more bexsero . tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital if you experience an allergic reaction including : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing severe allergic reactions rash , blisters and peeling of the skin at the injection site may occur . these usually disappear after a few weeks of vaccination . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms after vaccination . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions at the injection site may hardness , hardness , or warmth at the injection site injection site hardness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite fatigue , pain in muscles , joints , joints , muscles , joints , muscles , joints , headache , sleepiness , feeling of weakness , and generally feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site 11 . allergic reactions these are signs of a severe allergic reaction ( which may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , severe swelling of the skin and / or fainting ), headache , sleepiness , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , feeling weak . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , including hardness , and warmth at the injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild and only disappear after a few weeks . allergic reactions including allergic shock . signs of a allergic reaction may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , feeling faint , loss of consciousness . severe swelling of the skin and / or fainting ( angioedema ), fainting , sleepiness , swelling of hands and feet . feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as hardness , pain and redness at the injection site . 11 allergic reactions have been reported in patients treated with severe_swelling_of_the_lips,_mouth,_throat . allergic reactions that may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , feeling faint , loss of consciousness . sudden decrease or loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening . fainting , fainting , tingling feeling , and feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as hardness , pain/tenderness , or warmth at the injection site 11 . allergic reactions ( including allergic shock ). allergic reactions that may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , feeling faint , loss of consciousness . sudden decrease or loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening . fainting , fainting , tingling feeling , and feeling unwell . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions : injection site reactions ( hardness , hard lump ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , hard lump ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , hard lump ) at injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild and only loss over the injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site 11 . allergic reactions these allergic reactions can also be life - threatening . difficulty difficulty breathing , wheezing , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to loss_of_consciousness . fainting , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to fainting . fits and / or irregular heartbeat have been reported . if you experience sudden breathlessness , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fainting , fainting or feeling of weakness , generally feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as hardness , pain and redness at the injection site 11 . allergic reactions that may include allergic reactions that may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , severe swelling of the skin and / or fainting . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing . wheezing and feeling faint . loss of consciousness . serious allergic reactions including fainting and fainting . if you experience a cough , feeling faint , and less
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and bumps ( including swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may cause muscle aches and pains ) back pain bone pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the face , hands , feet , legs tiredness , or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reaction ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation_of_the_vein , elevated skin , bleeding under the skin ), penile bleeding ( presence of blood in the urine ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) and swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with epoetin alfa hexal . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) and swelling blood clots acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with epoetin white blood cells . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) and swelling blood clots acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with epoetin white blood cells . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with epoetin alfa . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of serious side effects your doctor may decide to lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : - symptoms such as rash , chest pain or feeling like your heart is fast ( tachycardia ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , feeling tired ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in children and adolescents ( may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain - constipation ( flatulence ) - stomach discomfort , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - skin infection ( dermatitis ) - rash ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon ( may affect up to in 100 people ): - chest pain , fast heart rate ( tachycardia ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , abdominal bloating ( abdominal distension ) - stomach upset constipation ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - itchy_skin_(pruritus) ( bruises ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - uncommon - may affect up to in 100 people - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea , abdominal bloating ( abdominal distension ) - stomach discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid around the belly ( abdomen ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - uncommon - may affect up to in 100 people - chest pain - feeling unwell - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea , abdominal bloating ( flatulence ) - stomach discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - infection of the stomach ( gastritis ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon - may affect up to in 100 people - chest pain - feeling unwell - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea , abdominal bloating ( flatulence ) - stomach discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - stomach discomfort , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - infection of the stomach ( gastritis ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal distension ( gastritis ) - stomach discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - constipation - skin infection ( dermatitis ) - rash ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( flatulence ) - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - rash ( pruritus ) - rash ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - uncommon - may affect up to in 100 people - chest pain - feeling unwell - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea , abdominal bloating ( flatulence ) - stomach discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - stomach discomfort , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid around the belly ( abdomen ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal bloating ( flatulence ) - stomach discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - skin infection ( dermatitis ) - rash - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects 29 signs of serious side effects 29 ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the liver are very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). headache ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting 29 - like illness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , headache , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , itching , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder with low blood pressure , low blood pressure , headache , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , rash , itching , hives , pruritis , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , fast heartbeat , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , fast heartbeat , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , coughing up blood , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder with wheezing , coughing up blood , wheezing , low blood pressure , hot flush , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , disorder
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , feeling faint or loss of consciousness . severe symptoms can be severe and life - threatening . stop using adynovi and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects above . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type hypersensitivity reactions , including hypersensitivity and urticaria , hives , swelling_of_lips_and_tongue swelling of the face and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat , feeling faint or loss of consciousness . severe symptoms of loss of consciousness can occur . if you have a severe allergic reaction , stop using adynovi and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital . if you experience loss of consciousness , severe allergic reaction to prompt_emergency_treatment . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type hypersensitivity reactions , including hypersensitivity and urticaria , hives , swelling_of_lips_and_tongue swelling of the face and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat , feeling faint or loss of consciousness . severe symptoms of loss of consciousness can be severe and life - threatening . if you notice any of the symptoms above , stop using adynovi and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ; hypersensitivity ; generalised allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat ; feeling faint or loss of consciousness ; severe symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . if you notice any of the symptoms above , stop using adynovi and talk to your doctor immediately . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including hypersensitivity and itchy skin , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , feeling faint or loss of consciousness . severe symptoms of which may include loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening . other severe side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - symptoms of drowsiness , difficulty breathing or swallowing these may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . if you experience any of these symptoms , inform your doctor as soon as possible . these may be symptoms of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . if you experience any of these symptoms you should contact a doctor immediately . these may be symptoms of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - belly ( abdominal ) pain - blood in urine - muscle pain - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tremor ( tremor ) - inflammation of the stomach and intestines , often with discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea - blood in urine - kidney problems such as kidney stones , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - nausea ( feeling nausea ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - vomiting ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - breast_tenderness - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - vomiting - blood in urine - kidney problems - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - vomiting - blood in urine - kidney problems - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - vomiting - blood in urine - kidney problems - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - breast_tenderness ( tiredness ) - nausea ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - blood in urine - breast pain - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( fatigue ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - respiratory tract infection - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - vomiting - blood in urine - kidney problems - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - vomiting - blood in urine - kidney problems - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - respiratory tract infection - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - breast_tenderness ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - blood in urine - high blood pressure - breast_tenderness - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - breast_tenderness ( tiredness ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - blood in urine - high blood pressure - breast_tenderness - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - vomiting - blood in urine - kidney problems - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - vomiting - blood in urine - kidney problems - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - breast_tenderness ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - blood in urine - kidney problems - decreased kidney function - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - breast_tenderness ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - blood in urine - kidney problems - decreased kidney function - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - nausea ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - breast_tenderness ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills or increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , - unusual tiredness or other signs of infection - urinary tract infection . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) sore or painful palms of the throat and throat ( which may be a symptom of angioedema ) - if you suddenly feel unwell , coughing or feeling very sleepy if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which may make you feel collapse or have a quickened heartbeat . if you have a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a nurse straight away . if you notice a sudden decrease in your pressure , you must seek immediate medical advice . - if you get a combination of any of the following symptoms : - a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( signs of angioedema ) - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( signs of angioedema ) - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( signs of angioedema ) - becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing - suddenly feeling weak or light - headed - these may be symptoms of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you should stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately . serious side effects serious allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) ( may affect up to excess_lactic_acid_in_the_blood in 1 , 000 people ) these are signs of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reactions , hypersensitivity ), hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , see also section 2 " warnings and precautions '): potentially life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with systemic symptoms [ itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of dizziness or dizziness . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflamed stomach or discomfort , or a black stools ( faeces ), inflammation of the stomach or bowel , flatulence ( flatulence ), wind ( flatulence ), stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort in the stomach ( abdomen ) or stomach ( abdominal ) pain or muscle pain . muscle pain . muscle weakness . muscle weakness . difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain changes in passing water ( urinating ) discomfort or pain in the stomach or intestine alteration of liver function tests allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as itching or swelling of the skin and non - barr syndrome abnormal liver function tests ( rare : may affect up to darkening_of_the_skin_in_patches in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) suicidal thoughts and severe allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction , death see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "): potentially life - threatening feeling of death ( for example , one of the central nervous system ), and a decrease in vision may occur . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other possible side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain changes in passing water ( urinating ) discomfort or pain in the stomach or intestine alteration of liver function tests allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as itching or swelling of the skin and non - barr syndrome inflammation of the liver swelling of the arms , legs and legs increased liver enzymes in the blood rare ( may affect up to darkening_of_the_skin_in_patches in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) suicidal thoughts and severe allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction , death see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "): potentially life threatening allergic reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "): altered levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain , stomach or discomfort ( including stomach or intestine ) pain in the stomach or abdomen alteration in liver function tests joint pain muscle pain muscle weakness muscle spasms difficulty in urination muscle pain muscle weakness muscle spasms difficulty in walking ( muscle pain or muscle pain ) muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle spasms or muscle pain . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , e . g . anaphylaxis ), difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause nausea and abdominal pain . this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). swelling , redness , swelling or other parts of the body ( disappears - disappears - 4 syndrome '). 4 syndrome ( see section 4 ' earlier in section 4 ). ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , nausea , headache , abdominal pain or bleeding in the stomach ( abdomen ) abdominal pain , nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ) such as blood in urine , swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , nausea and abdominal pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and need medical attention . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , you must contact your doctor immediately : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , tired , drop in blood pressure , fever , breathing difficulties , and increase in blood pressure and wheezing , breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of blood cells ( bronchospasm ). you should immediately contact your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may give you other medicines to reduce your side effects , or if you have any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , fever , breathing difficulties , or respiratory problems such as wheezing or breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of blood cells ( bronchospasm ). you should immediately contact your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , fever , breathing difficulties , cold sores ( signs of bronchospasm ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( bronchospasm ) and other breathing difficulties . if you get any of these symptoms or get medical help immediately , as you may need urgent medical treatment . if you have any of these symptoms , or any other treatment , you may need urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills , - shivering , - feeling weak or tired , - signs of high blood pressure , fever or breathing difficulties - these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eyelids and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills , - shivering , - feeling weak or tired , - signs of high fever , - fever , - sore throat or cold sores , itchy or itchy skin or itching . - hives or hives . - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles , which may be caused by inflammation of the muscles in the muscles , which can be relieved by your doctor if you get any of the side effects listed above . do not try to treat your symptoms with other medicines . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. infusion_reactions may cause other conditions to develop during treatment . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or tired , signs of lung problems , such as fever or breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of blood cells ( bronchospasm ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , severe bleeding may lead to a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs which causes blisters around the body ), which may be helped by taking standard pain relief medicines ( e . g . blisters and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or eyelids ) or any other signs of inflammation or infection of the lungs . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a serious allergic reaction ), including anaphylaxis ( symptoms include rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty in breathing , or swallowing , or a fast heartbeat , or a fast pulse , and / or a general feeling of tiredness , or a general feeling of tiredness , or a general feeling of tiredness , or a general feeling of being sick , a condition called " sepsis " ( a rare severe muscle disorder ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the lips , tongue , tongue or tongue and difficulty breathing . stop taking this medicine and call a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious or potentially symptoms of serious side effects : cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , light - headedness , swelling of the lips , tongue or tongue and difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) painful swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ( possible signs of allergic reactions ) anaphylaxis ( a serious allergic reaction ), including anaphylaxis ( symptoms include rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , rapid heartbeat , fast pulse and feeling of pressure , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ). jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the tongue ) jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your tongue ) dark - coloured urine , if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . a serious allergic reaction : cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ( possible signs of difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) stop taking roactemra and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the below mentioned side effects . severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your mouth , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue and difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - skin lesions , including blistering of the lips , tongue or tongue and fever ( possible signs of severe hypersensitivity reactions ) - serious infections such as neutropenia , itching , chest tightness , and difficulty breathing , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue and jaundice ( possible signs of a serious infection of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( jaundice ), - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue and difficulty breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a serious infection such as cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue and difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - skin lesions , including blistering of the lips , tongue or tongue and fever ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - serious infections such as neutropenia , itching , chest tightness , and difficulty breathing , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue and jaundice ( possible signs of serious infections such as neutropenia , neutropenia , fever ). - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ). - low white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , - abdominal pain , - jaundice ( yellow discoloration of the eyes or mouth ), - nose , tongue or tongue and hives ( hives ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - serious infections such as cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue and difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - skin lesions , including blistering of the lips , tongue or tongue and fever ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - serious infections such as neutropenia , itching , chest tightness , and difficulty breathing , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , - swelling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or fever with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lung ) or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; head in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; combined allergy ; blood in blood pressure ; inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the cuts or the lung ); see section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 1 in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , face or throat or severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe wheezing or breathing problems - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( a serious allergic reaction ) - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe fever with or without fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - serious lung infection - fever with symptoms such as new or worsening fever , which may be severe or life - threatening if you notice any of the following symptoms or signs of a serious condition , or if they happen during treatment . - if you notice any of the following symptoms or signs of a serious condition , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . - if you notice any of the following symptoms or symptoms of a stroke : - sudden swelling of your face , lips or throat - breathing difficulties as you may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms or signs , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - serious infections such as a sudden onset of a general condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a serious allergic reaction or if they get worse . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - a_severe_rash or other breathing problems - fever - serious deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition , or fever during treatment with fetcroja may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms of sudden_swelling_of_your_lips such as swollen face , tongue or pharynx severe swelling of your face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms or signs of a serious condition , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop the treatment with fetcroja . - serious infections such as new or worsening breathing problems - breathing difficulties if you develop a cough or breathing problems as you may be having a medicine serious allergic reaction to fetcroja . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - serious lung infection - if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop the treatment with fetcroja . - if you notice any other symptoms of infection such as swollen face or tongue or any other symptoms such as you may need urgent medical treatment . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - a_severe_rash or other breathing problems - fever - serious deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe deterioration of your general condition - fever - severe lung problems or treatment with treatment with fetcroja may lead to a higher risk of a severe condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . your doctor may decide to lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : if you notice any of the side effects above , or if you notice any of the side effects above , or if you notice any of the side effects above , please tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects include : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) nausea ( affects more than 1 user in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause skin rash , itching and hives ( allergic reaction ). angioedema ( a serious allergic reaction which may include face and tongue , lips , tongue or throat ). angioedema ( other side effects eyes and / or throat ). if this happens to you , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema ( sometimes leading to angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : face , lips , tongue or throat and may cause skin_rash ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) swelling mainly of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include : common side effects : may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema ( sometimes leading to angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : face , lips , tongue or throat and may cause angioedema ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) swelling mainly of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or angioedema ( angioedema ). other side effects include : common side effects : may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : eyes or face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects include : common side effects : may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : eyes or face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects include : common side effects : may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : eyes or face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects include : common side effects : may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : eyes or face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects include : common side effects : may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : face , lips , tongue or throat and may cause skin_rash ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects include : common side effects : may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in face people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat angioedema . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : face , lips
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pains or fever with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lung ) or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; head in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; combined allergy ; blood in blood pressure ; increases in some kinds of blood cells . if you experience any of the above signs : test your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects gets severe or injuries , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - a severe muscle pain , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - therapy with lamivudine teva pharma ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . - if you have an increase of these symptoms : - a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - immediately , especially if you have an erection . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the symptoms above . - if your body movements is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have an increase in the amount of some liver or liver enzymes . these are normally caused by the body ' s own immune system . - if you notice a side effect of lamivudine_teva , your doctor may need to reduce your blood tests . - pain or inflammation in any part of your body ( a very common side effect , which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - pain or inflammation in the area around the mouth . - pain or inflammation in your brain . - damage to the liver caused by a condition called pure red cell aplasia ( muscle_tissue ). - obese in the blood vessels that can cause pain or inflammation in the brain . - damage to the liver caused by a condition called pure red cell aplasia ( obese or overweight ). - inflammation of the lung caused by a condition called pure red cell aplasia ( obese or overweight ). - inflammation of the lung caused by a condition called pure red cell aplasia ( obese or overweight ). - an infection caused by an infection in the eye ( muscle_tissue ). - pain or inflammation in the brain . - an infection in the blood vessels that can affect the lungs ( muscle_tissue ). obese may cause a very rare ( may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in obese , 000 people ) - inflammation of the lung caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ). in patients with chronic renal failure , the following side effects have also been reported ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - pain or inflammation in any part of your body ( a very common side effect , which may lead to more severe damage in the blood vessels of the body ) - pain or inflammation in an area of the lung caused by a condition called pure red cell aplasia ( obese or overweight ). - an infection of the urinary system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) in patients treated with obese . signs and symptoms of inflammation or inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ). in patients undergoing a stem cell or bone marrow transplant , graft versus host disease ( obese or overweight ) and may be associated with liver damage or damage to the liver . - damage to the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ). in patients with chronic obese in combination with a_side_effect , it is not known whether obese may cause serious damage to your body . - pain or inflammation in your brain . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the tissues in the lungs ) - pain or inflammation in your blood vessels ( which can lead to a blockage of the lung ). - pain or inflammation in the brain . - an infection in the blood vessels in the lung . this can lead to problems such as obese , obese or urinary stress . - liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - pain or inflammation in any part of your body ( e . g . obese , inflammation of blood vessels ) - a condition in which the immune system attacks the immune system attacks the immune system attacks the body ( autoimmune hepatitis ) - obese ( overweight ) or other serious damage to your lungs ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). - pain or inflammation in your brain ( uncommon ). - an infection of the urinary system ( interstitial lung disease ) such as obese ( obese ) or liver damage . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . anaphylaxis ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( common ) side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of these symptoms of an infusion - related side effects that may need urgent medical treatment : deposits if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache or tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and usually go away over time . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue iris a iris ( see section 2 ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from the deposits of the deposits . these side effects are usually mild and will probably disappear after a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  headache  nausea  vomiting  diarrhoea  stomach ache  deposits from breath  tiredness  if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from the deposits of the deposits . these side effects are usually mild and usually go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue iris a iris medicine . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from the deposits of the deposits . these side effects are usually mild and will probably disappear after a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  headache  nausea  vomiting  diarrhoea  stomach ache  deposits from breath  tiredness  if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus ( swelling ) in the hands or soles of the feet ( including hand - foot syndrome ) and pain in the upper right area of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and painful redness . in addition , the following side effects have been reported with digestive_enzymes : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include difficulty breathing , breathing difficulties and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of an infection caused by cinacalcet_accordpharma ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , increased levels of liver enzymes ( signs of liver problems ), back pain , muscle aches , back pain , muscle aches or cramps , breathing difficulties or cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting , upper respiratory tract infection , decreased number of white blood cells , back pain , weakness_(asthenia) ( pain in extremities , muscle pain , numbness or tingling sensation ), numbness , tingling sensation ( numbness , tingling sensation or numbness ). frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ), swollen face , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), cough , breathing difficulties ( dyspnoea ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), muscle pain , muscle spasms , cramps , back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting , upper respiratory tract infection , decreased number of white blood cells , back pain , pain in extremities , muscle pain , numbness or tingling sensation ( numbness , tingling sensation or numbness ). frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ); swollen face , tongue or pharynx ; cough , breathing difficulties ( dyspnoea ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), muscle pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting , upper respiratory tract infection ( signs include : upper back pain , back pain , weakness_(asthenia) ) - muscle pain , numbness or tingling sensation ( numbness , or tingling sensation ) or numbness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - allergic reactions ( including hypersensitivity reactions , swollen face , tongue or throat , cough , breathing difficulties , difficulty breathing , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia , indigestion , muscle pain , muscle spasms - cramps or back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - increased liver enzymes - increased appetite , back pain , pain in extremities , back pain , breathing difficulties , cough , - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - increased liver enzymes - decreased appetite , back pain - weakness_(asthenia) - back pain , - breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - increased liver enzymes - decreased appetite , back pain - weakness_(asthenia) - back pain , - breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - increased liver enzymes - decreased appetite , back pain - weakness_(asthenia) - back pain , - breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - increased liver enzymes - decreased appetite , back pain - weakness_(asthenia) - back pain , - breathing difficulties , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia , vomiting - increased liver enzymes - decreased appetite , back pain - weakness_(asthenia) - back
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during a jentadueto infusion , shortness of breath , wheezing and difficulty in breathing and swelling of the face have been reported ( not known , frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you think you are having this type of reaction , you must stop your jentadueto medicine ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( seen rarely ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the most frequent side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms of an allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . - serious allergic reactions : if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , wheezing or immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms of lactic acidosis ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , sweats , dizziness , drowsiness , insomnia , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , insomnia , headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , decreased appetite , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , headache , sleep disorders depression , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , including abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , including abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , including abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , including abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams ,
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs of liver problems : yellowing of the skin or the white of the mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing if you get any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , or seek medical advice immediately . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypertension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( angioedema ) difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . have been reported in patients with chronic renal failure ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). these are signs of a low level of blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . have also been reported in patients with chronic renal failure ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or fever with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lung ) or joints . - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; head in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; combined ; itching ; itching ; blisters of the skin ; an allergic reaction ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; combined allergy ; abnormal blood clotting ; change in the colour of your white blood cells , which can be fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38c or greater , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation_of_heat ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; cough ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - muscle aches - feeling tired - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , chest pain and chest pain these may be signs of an allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in severe cases , sudden severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) occur , the injection must be stopped eyes . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , accompanied by fever , seizures and stroke ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , feeling hot , pain in the hands or feet , nausea , vomiting , skin rash . these may be signs of an injection site reaction . if this happens to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you notice any of these serious side effects , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain laboratory tests may occur rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience a serious allergic reaction , or if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of allergic reaction ) severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): if you have an erection , which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . a sudden decrease or loss of hearing has also been reported . cases of severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , a severe skin reaction ), or blistering of the skin , blistering of the lips , genitals , eyes and around the eyes , fever . - seizures or fits - this occurs rarely other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - hot flushes - itching ( pruritus ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - nausea , vomiting - skin rash at the injection site - injection site reactions . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and eyes with fever ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . - cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). genitals , ulcers of the mouth , genitals and around the eyes , fever . - seizures or fits - this occurs rarely other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - hot flushes - itching ( pruritus ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - nausea - vomiting - skin rash at the injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . nitrates ) - changes in some values of your blood cells or chemistry . these can be seen in the results of blood and / or urine tests . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with viagra . - severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing - seizures ( fits ) - stroke - stroke - inability to resist the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - hot flushes - itching ( pruritus ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - nausea - vomiting - skin rash at the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation , shortness of breath , - neck pain , - swelling of arms , legs or legs ( signs of a low level of blood platelets ) - pain ( dopamine hypotension ) - if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . some of the side effects could be serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 2,762 system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , difficulty sleeping , sinus_headache , difficulty sleeping , eye redness , eye redness , eye redness , eyelid redness , bloodshot eyes . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased heart rate ( bradycardia ), back pain , back pain , back pain , increased heart rate , abnormal blood pressure , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( e . g . when you have a heart rhythm disorder ), blurred vision , eye redness , eye redness , increased heart rate , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) general feeling of being unwell swelling in the back of the back of the eye ( macular oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rate , blurred vision , eye redness , eye irritation , eye irritation , increased tear production , eye irritation , dry eye , dry eye , increased tear production . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye irritation , increased tear production , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the eye , feeling of increased heart rate . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye irritation , increased tear production , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes , dry eye , ringing in the ears , sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), general feeling of being unwell . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( e . g . ringing in the ears , redness of the eye ), eyelid pain , increased heart rate , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), general feeling of being unwell . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rate ( angina pectoris ), ringing in the ears , eye pain , changes in heart rhythm , back pain , visual disturbances , ringing in the ears , sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , feeling of pressure in the eye , feeling of increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( including prolongation of the ear , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light ), ringing in the ears , sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , ear discomfort ( angina ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears , sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) ringing in the ears
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) serious_mental_changes may cause confusion , dizzy , light - headedness , dizzy or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as high urine volume , eosinophilia , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your body , as there may be a problem with your spleen ( blood blood levels of the liver and kidneys ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your body , as there may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). - liver failure , which may be fatal . - hepatitis b reactivation ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). - serious skin problems including eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). - serious skin problems including eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives or hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data 29 cases of allergic reactions ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blockage of the intestines ( an existing lung disease ) glaucoma ( build - up of fluid in the abdomen ) glaucoma ( a build - up of fluid in the tissues in the lungs ) glaucoma ( a build - up of fluid in the tissues causing pain and difficulty in breathing ) blood clots in the veins ( pulmonary embolism ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely in patients using nucala . you should immediately contact your doctor if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , chest , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may be signs of an allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ). symptoms include : swelling of the face , chest , chest , chest , hands and feet ( possible symptoms of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) fever , low blood pressure , urinary tract infection ( signs of liver problems ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , feeling lightheaded , increased pressure in the arms or legs ( signs of urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper abdominal pain , stomach pain or discomfort , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , cough , low blood pressure when standing up ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , high blood pressure cough , headache , upper abdominal pain , stomach pain or discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . fever , fatigue , muscle aches , and kidney problems ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : dizziness decreased appetite , decreased sense of touch , voice problems , such as runny nose , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash , back pain , shortness of breath , back pain , back pain , fever , fatigue , infection ( neutropenia ), fever , infection ( neutropenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( thrombocytopenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( liver enzyme elevations ) muscle disorders , muscle aches . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . bruising , bruising ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , shortness of breath , nausea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash , back pain , shortness of breath , back pain , back pain , fever , fatigue , infection ( neutropenia ), fever , infection ( neutropenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( thrombocytopenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( liver enzyme elevations ) muscle disorders , muscle aches . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . bruising , bruising ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , shortness of breath , nausea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash , back pain , shortness of breath , back pain , back pain , fever , fatigue , infection ( neutropenia ), fever , infection ( neutropenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( thrombocytopenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( liver enzyme elevations ) muscle disorders , muscle aches . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . bruising , bruising ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , shortness of breath , nausea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash , back pain , shortness of breath , back pain , back pain , fever , fatigue , infection ( neutropenia ), fever , infection ( neutropenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( thrombocytopenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( liver enzyme elevations ) muscle disorders , muscle aches . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . bruising , bruising ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , shortness of breath , nausea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash , back pain , shortness of breath , back pain , back pain , fever , fatigue , infection ( neutropenia ), fever , infection ( neutropenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( thrombocytopenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( liver enzyme elevations ) muscle disorders , muscle aches . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . bruising of the body , bruising ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , shortness of breath , nausea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash , back pain , shortness of breath , back pain , back pain , fever , fatigue , infection ( neutropenia ), fever , infection ( neutropenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( thrombocytopenia ), increased blood triglycerides ( liver enzyme elevations ) muscle disorders , muscle aches . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include : o breathing difficulties or breathing , itching of the skin , hives , or breathing problems . these symptoms may be signs of severe allergic reactions , - if you experience difficulty in breathing or breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , hives and / or difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain or stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach that does not go away - stomach pain - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - dark coloured stools - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - dark - coloured urine - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - rash , itching , hives , rash , itchy rash ( hives ) - runny nose - nose bleed - sneezing - cough - voice alteration ( diarrhoea ) - stomach pain - stomach pain , vomiting , stomach ache - itching of the skin - rash , itchy rash or hives - skin reactions such as pain , itchy skin , hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions these are signs of liver problems difficulty in breathing and / or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may cause changes in your liver enzymes . liver problems ( frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - serious allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause changes in your liver enzymes and liver failure . - liver problems has been reported with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a serious allergic reaction . - liver problems not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction . the frequency of the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the
