like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , diarrhoea , tiredness , fatigue , metallic taste reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects that may affect more than 1 in 100 patients : - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - pain - diarrhoea - tiredness - fatigue - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - increase in body temperature uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - anaemia - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased thirst - increased levels of certain liver enzymes - diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rash , dark urine reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital if you have any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of liver problems ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( death ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection ( including bronchitis ) signs of a reduction in the number of white blood cells , diarrhoea , stomach pain , being sick ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , upset stomach or liver problems which may show liver problems ( shown in blood tests ) liver problems such as eczema , eczema or 41 41 stomach pain , eczema ( folliculitis ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( tonsillitis ) skin reaction ( folliculitis ) skin disorders such as folliculitis , runny nose , skin reactions ( including hepatitis ) liver problems ( including sarcoidosis ) lung infection ( sarcoidosis ) skin problems such as itchy rash , itchy or folliculitis ( folliculitis ) decreases in the number of white blood cells ( tonsillitis ) skin reactions ( erythema multiforme ) liver problems low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) wilzin may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). if this happens , you should tell your doctor immediately . side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia and hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get symptoms such as swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , hypoglycaemia , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ∑ rash , itchy skin , rash , and itchy rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of pumarix are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects you should stop taking vaccines and contact a doctor immediately : allergic reactions leading to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure which may lead to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . generalised skin reactions ( urticaria ) hives may cause hives or hives tell your doctor immediately if you experience such signs of an inflammation of the pancreas . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache injection site pain feeling sick feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people bruising or bruising where the injection is given itching , or sick ( wind ) stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , flu - like symptoms , such as inflammation or bruising at the injection site , such as redness , inflammation , bruising , bleeding , vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels which can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count . this can cause encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), a condition called encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels which can cause inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . redness . bruising or bruising of the skin ( vasculitis ), skin_rashes , skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count . this can cause encephalomyelitis ( unusual bleeding or paralysis ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or stinging , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swelling , itching or itching at the injection site . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . hypersensitivity .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of afinitor are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain or passing urine less often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual , needing to urinate more often , or dark urine common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people . pain in the hands and soles of the feet which may cause muscle pain and swelling , palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by reduced levels of red blood cells ( see above ) and / or white blood cells ( see above ) neutropenia ( low number of red blood cells ) decreased levels of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) neutropenia ( a shortage of red blood cells ) which may cause pain , swelling and / or swelling mainly in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome , dark urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes , dark urine or dark urine , jaundice ) yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( signs of jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following serious side effects you should stop taking laventair_ellipta and contact a doctor immediately . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) or redness rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in swelling , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( possible signs of angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after breathing : wheezing or coughing , a hoarse voice sore throat , dizziness , headache , pain in the upper abdomen or throat increased pressure in the abdomen , back or back fever , increased sweating . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irregular heart beat low heart beat high blood pressure cough . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( possible signs of angioedema ) glaucoma ( a very severe , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ), glaucoma ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness fever reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction that may include hives or severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( signs may include skin rash , hives , severe swelling of the skin and difficulty breathing or swallowing ), serious allergic reaction which may be life - threatening . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( signs may include headache , diarrhoea , joint pain and arthralgia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( signs may include skin rash , hives , severe swelling of the skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with a serious rash or peeling of the skin ), as these may be signs of serious allergic reaction . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which may cause a skin rash or swallowing . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face and throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat . other possible side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face and throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat . other possible side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face and throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat . other possible side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face and throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat . other possible side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face and throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat . other possible side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , 36 , light - headedness , fainting , 36 - vomiting , nausea , skin rashes ( including joint pain , arthralgia ) bone pain , muscle pain , tiredness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection at the injection site , skin rashes , blood in the urine , fluid retention or bruising ( seen in blood test ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , 36 - vomiting , nausea , skin rashes ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , pain in arms or legs , tiredness , muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle weakness ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ) or pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea ), vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea ), vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or muscle pain ( including bone pain ), nausea , vomiting , 36 36 - tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea ), vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or muscle pain ( including bone pain ), nausea , vomiting , 36 36 - tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea ), vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) and bruising , bleeding in the eyes ( signs may include pain in the jaw ), ear pain , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or muscle pain ( including bone pain ), nausea , vomiting , 36 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea ), vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or muscle pain ( myalgia ) or pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea ), vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or muscle pain ( myalgia ) or pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea ), vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or muscle pain ( myalgia ) or pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea ), vomiting , decreased appetite , 36
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reaction with a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( kidney failure ) an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophils ) ( eosinophils ) which will show up in blood tests . your doctor may check your blood cell counts during dialysis . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following : numbness , tingling , swelling or swelling in your legs and / or throat , which may be a sign of blood clots in the legs blood clots in your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reaction with a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( kidney failure ) an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophils ) shown in a blood test . numbness , tingling and burning in your mouth , or ulcers in your mouth and / or throat . this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reaction with a rash , peeling skin , or swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( kidney failure ) an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophils ) shown in a blood test low level of " eosinophils " a type of white blood cell ( eosinophils ) shown in a blood test allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) breakdown of red blood cells an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which carry oxygen in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reaction with a rash , peeling skin , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , changes in the colour of your nails , which may be a sign of kidney problems an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophils ) shown in a blood test low level of " leukocytes " a type of white blood cell ( eosinophils ) shown in a blood test allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) fluid accumulation in the skin and other parts of the body , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reaction with rash with peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be a sign of kidney problems ) kidney problems an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophils ) shown in a blood test allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the arms , legs and / or legs ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood an increase in bilirubin in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reaction with a rash , peeling skin , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the throat and / or throat , which may be a sign of eye irritation or discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead these may be signs of a high level of blood clots in the leg or leg . this is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache feeling of burning in and around the vagina feeling of vagina in and around the vagina uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation or irritation in the mouth and throat , ear or ear discomfort , or discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead these may be signs of a low level of blood platelets . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor immediately . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or severe_abdominal_pain . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or severe rash ); inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn ; severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn ; severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn ; severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach ) caused by inflammation of the liver ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or severe rash ); inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or / or severe inflammation of the eyes ; skin allergy ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or / or severe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus visual phenomena ( brief moments of increased brightness , difficulty in sleeping , headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain or discomfort , decrease in the number of red blood cells in the blood , lack of energy , fever ) general feeling of being unwell common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): cold , increased blood pressure , difficulty in sleeping , headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , discomfort or increased need to urinate more frequently than usual , needing to urinate more often , in larger amounts , or at night thirst vaginal inflammation , such as irritability , numbness or tingling in the hands or feet , dizziness , impaired vision , or blurred vision , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye_disorders , ringing in the ears , low blood pressure , bleeding in your chest or increased blood pressure , bleeding in your brain or chest , blood in your urine , bleeding from the vagina , reduced blood flow to the heart , sudden constriction of blood vessels , reduced blood pressure , shortness of breath , stomach_problems , flu - like symptoms , stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain or diarrhoea , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , inflammation or ulcer of the mouth , tongue or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or ulcer in the mouth or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or ulcer in the mouth or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or pain in the joints or muscles , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or ulcer in the mouth or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or ulcer in the mouth or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or ulcer in the mouth or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or ulcer in the mouth or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or ulcer in the mouth or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or ulcer in the mouth or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , discomfort or ulcer in the mouth or throat , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; generalised swelling ; fainting ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; fainting ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause signs of severe allergic reaction , burning and prickling sensation , fever , skin reactions ( death and death ) can be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction such as rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , or sudden cardiac attack , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , or wheezing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause hives , temporary loss of movement or muscle tightness - fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - this may be an early indication of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - hives - local rash - muscle or muscle pain - fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - this may be an early indication of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat and / or throat , which may cause hives , temporary loss of movement or muscle tightness - fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - hives - local rash - muscle or muscle pain - fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - this may be an early indication of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat and / or throat , which may cause hives , temporary loss of movement or muscle tightness - fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - which may cause you to faint . - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat and / or throat , which may cause hives , temporary loss of movement or muscle tightness - fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - hives - local reactions - muscle and muscle pain - muscle pain or tenderness - pain in the arms or legs - muscle pain or tenderness - dizziness - headache - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - hives - local reactions - muscle and muscle pain - muscle pain or tenderness - pain in the arms or legs - muscle pain or tenderness - dizziness - headache - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - hives - local reactions - muscle and muscle pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): - signs of infection such as fever , chills , difficult or cough , cough or breathing problems , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following , you or the child may need urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - pain and swelling in the upper right area of the stomach area , joint pain and skin rashes . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - cough or loss of consciousness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the side effects above . this includes any possible signs of infection such as : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea ( feeling sick ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) swelling of the stomach , arms or legs if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea ( feeling sick ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) swelling of the face and throat , and loss of consciousness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the side effects listed above . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported 24 use of rasagiline_mylan : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) constipation , dry mouth , headache , abnormal dreams . if any of these symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . symptoms of headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) and joint pain ( arthralgia ) and joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle cramps , painful joints , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). sleep disorders during or shortly after being treated with rasagiline_mylan . abnormal dreams such as confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , painful or painful joints , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) abnormal dreams , including constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , painful or painful muscles , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) during the night , abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ) and numbness ( especially of the hands and feet ) falling rhabdomyolysis ( a rare side effect which may affect up to one in post-marketing people ) side effects of unknown frequency ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) 24 of the following symptoms : 24 common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation , dry mouth , headache , abnormal dreams . if any of these symptoms occur , please tell your doctor . symptoms of headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) and musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , painful joints , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). sleep disorders during sleep , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint disorder ( hypertonia ), numbness or numbness of the hands or feet . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require 4 days . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as : fever , trouble breathing , swallowing , dizziness , coughing , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clot in the muscle , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - signs of skin_cancer : - tingling or numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - signs of liver problems such as persistent scarring or bruising , bleeding , paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - abdominal ( belly ) pain - nausea and vomiting - mild allergic reactions - nausea and vomiting - mild allergic reactions - hair loss ( alopecia ) - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems including scarring - inflammation of the pancreas - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( autoimmune failure ) - severe rash with itching , trouble breathing , swallowing , dizziness , or new or difficult breathing , which may be caused by a high temperature ( nausea , vomiting ) - allergic reactions - hair loss ( alopecia ) - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems including scarring - inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver failure - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( a serious type of severe skin reaction ), - itching , trouble breathing , swallowing , dizziness or a new drop in blood pressure which could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( pres ) ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - abdominal ( belly ) pain - nausea and vomiting - mild allergic reactions - hair loss ( alopecia ) - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems including scarring - inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( cardiac failure ) - severe rash with itching , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a drop in blood pressure ( which may be accompanied by a high temperature sensation of the liver ) - blood tests showing increased liver enzymes - scarring - inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back - itching , trouble breathing or swallowing - dizziness or difficulties in breathing - dizziness or paralysis of the arms or legs , as these may be signs of a heart problem called blood clotting problems - abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of urinary tract infection , - scarring of the lung , - inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) with symptoms such as severe rash , itching , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of nervous system disorders ) - dizziness or paralysis of limbs or face , stop taking hulio and talk to your doctor straight away if you notice any of the below mentioned side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - abdominal ( belly ) pain - nausea and vomiting - mild allergic reactions - nausea ( vomiting ) - allergic reactions - hair loss ( alopecia ) - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems including scarring - inflammation of the pancreas - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : rash , chest pain , breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness and coma . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , indigestion , bloating , constipation , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches or spasms , fatty skin or fatty lumps on the skin or sugar in your urine . sugar : increase in the level of sugar in the blood , sugar in the blood , sugar , sodium , potassium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or heart problems which will not be as well as treatment . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever and tired , chest pain or discomfort , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , or fever , 43 during treatment , particularly at the beginning of treatment with your doctor . - if you have any of the following symptoms after treatment with erleada has finished , you should contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause blisters or peeling of the body - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired or tired - chest pain - discomfort , shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms such as fever and 43 during or after treatment with erleada . your doctor may recommend you to stop taking erleada . if you experience any of the following symptoms after treatment with erleada : - if you experience shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause blisters or peeling of the body - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired or tired - chest pain - weight loss 43 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high level of cholesterol in the blood ( symptoms of liver problems ) - skin rash blood tests may show : - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high level of cholesterol in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) - symptoms of liver problems ( such as skin rash and blood in your urine ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high level of cholesterol in the blood 43 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : pain and rash . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , feeling jittery , low heart rate , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , upset stomach , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , rash , itching , pain_in_extremity swelling of the skin , hair loss , dry skin , rash , feeling generally unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity pain , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling or swelling at the application site , back pain , frequent urination , difficulty falling asleep , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , feeling jittery , low heart rate , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , upset stomach , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , rash , itching , pain_in_extremity swelling of the skin , hair loss , dry skin , rash , feeling generally unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity pain , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling and swelling of the skin on the skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : vision changes , seeing flashes of light , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal , abnormal heart rhythm , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , upset stomach , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , rash , itching , pain in extremity , hair loss , dry skin , rash , feeling generally unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity pain , swelling of the extremities , pain , feeling unwell , swelling , pain in extremity , back pain , frequent urination , difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects include : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the heart : slow heart rate , high blood pressure , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal , abnormal heart rhythm , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , upset stomach , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , rash , itching , pain in extremity , hair loss , dry skin , rash , feeling generally unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity pain , swelling of the extremities , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , swelling in extremities , back pain , frequent urination , difficulty falling asleep , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects include : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) o effects in the heart : slow heart rate , high blood pressure , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal , abnormal heart rhythm , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain in extremity , swelling of the extremities , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , pain in extremity , back pain , frequent urination , difficulty falling asleep , nervousness , tremor , feeling abnormal . other side effects include : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) o effects in the heart : slow heart rate , decreased blood pressure , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal , abnormal heart rhythm , decreased blood pressure , stuffy nose , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain in extremity , swelling of the extremities , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , pain in extremity , back pain , frequent urination , difficulty falling asleep , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) o effects in the heart : slow heart rate , decreased blood pressure , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal , abnormal heart rhythm , decreased blood pressure , stuffy nose , upset stomach , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel alone are : decrease in the number of certain white blood cells in your blood . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when this medicine is used with a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin , but it can be more likely to get low blood sugar . such as shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood , feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when this medicine is used with a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin , but it can be more likely to get low blood sugar . - shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects may include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when you use taking this medicine , but tell your doctor straight away if you notice signs of low blood sugar : - shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects may include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irritation or other signs of infection such as irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour back pain , back pain - passing more water ( urine ) than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment dizziness rash uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , pain , chest pain , feeling of weakness , weakness , pain , swelling and redness at the injection site , low number of red blood cells , loss of appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , chest pain , cough , nasal congestion , upset stomach , indigestion , constipation , diarrhoea , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss or thinning , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination ( signs of fatigue ), chills , fluid retention , shivering , pain , chest discomfort , general feeling of being unwell , depression , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning burning , dizziness , dizziness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , flushing , skin_rash skin rash , acne , skin pain or discomfort in your mouth , nose bleeds , nasal congestion . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( slow heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart rate ), bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ), acne , skin pain , skin_redness , acne , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eyes ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( a type of inflammation of the heart muscle ), bradycardia ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , acne , acne , skin pain , skin_redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eyes ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( abnormal heart rate ), bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eyes ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart rate ), bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eyes ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eyes ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart rate ), bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eyes ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart rate ), bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of mvasi are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . allergic reactions the signs may include : difficulty breathing , chest pain or a severe rash , fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite , and tiredness . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : reduced number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and cells that help the blood to clot ( cells that help the blood to clot ) feeling weak and having no energy , tiredness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . these side effects can become severe ; tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . severe side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduced number of white blood cells or white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with cells that help the blood to clot ( cells that help the blood to clot ) feeling weak and having no energy , tiredness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience a serious allergic reaction . heart problems : difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( potential signs of lung problems ) chest pain ( which may be due to blood clots in the veins of the lungs ) which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs or legs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which causes chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to a decrease of some blood cells . symptoms of cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - low levels of red blood cells ( shown in tests ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection due to excessive growth of body tissues - joint stiffness - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - slow heartbeat - serious allergic reactions ( including symptoms of a condition called inflammation of the skull called skull ) - fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . - a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - blood tests may lead to kidney damage , which may be a sign of kidney problems . - painful or painful urination , shortness of breath or rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , light - coloured urine , fluid accumulation in the lung , fluid accumulation in the lung , - blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include a sudden decrease in blood pressure ). - breathlessness you experience a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low level of blood platelets which may cause diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection caused by reduced blood supply to the bone marrow - nerve weakness - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - slow heartbeat - serious allergic reactions with symptoms such as a condition called " sepsis " ( a condition called " sepsis " which can cause a life - threatening condition in which you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( symptoms include : - fever , chills or breathing problems as these may be signs of infections of the lung called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - blood tests may lead to kidney damage , which may be a sign of a serious condition called kidney failure , which may be fatal . - symptoms of a condition called kidney failure , which may be fatal . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low numbers of white blood cells and diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection caused by reduced blood supply to the bone marrow - nerve weakness - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - slow heartbeat - serious allergic reactions ( including anaphylactic shock ) - symptoms of a condition called kidney failure , which may result in cramping_pain - fluid retention , shortness of breath or rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , cardiac arrest , heart failure - fluid accumulation in the lungs - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( symptoms include : - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ) - symptoms of an infection or breathlessness tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low numbers of white blood cells and diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection including decreased number of platelets in the blood - nerve damage - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - bronchial symptoms - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) symptoms are not known : symptoms may include fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections , which may be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis "
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any of the following , stop taking januvia and tell your doctor immediately : - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness - stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation - diarrhoea , stomach ache - 64 - flatulence , constipation , dry mouth - rash , itching - increased tendency to bruise , kidney impairment ( dialysis ) - joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking metformin alone : - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( 64 - 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : - flu - like illness 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : - swelling of the hands and feet some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache ( 64 ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : swelling of the hands or legs 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : flu - like illness 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : flu - like illness 64 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach ache , 64 : flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching , abnormal results of blood tests to check for kidney function , kidney impairment , joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking metformin alone : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or feet 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : swelling of the hands or legs 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : flu - like illness 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache 64 common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking metformin alone : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone in combination with metformin : common : swelling of the hands or feet 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : swelling of the hands or legs 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing feeling of feel_unwell , sweating , nausea and vomiting , as it may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( feel_unwell ). you should call your doctor if you feel unwell , sweating , nausea or vomiting . this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas . if you are being treated for low blood pressure , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as : difficulty breathing or swallowing sweating , nausea or vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( a body infection ) feeling of being unwell , sweating , nausea and vomiting . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of giotrif alone are : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and blistering of the skin , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - peeling , pain , swelling or redness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - severe diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - severe diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , eye irritation and inflammation - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - reduced function of the liver . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - redness , peeling , pain , swelling or inflammation . - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - reduced function of urine tests . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - 49 - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - a widespread rash with fever and inflammation such as inflammation of the pancreas , pancreatitis , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you develop a rash , fever and / or inflammation - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), which may be severe and could lead to pancreatitis . - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you develop a rash , itching and / or blistering of the skin , peeling , pain or swelling ( usually very common ). common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - severe constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin - eye inflammation - inflammation of the liver , - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of fat in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - redness , peeling , pain , swelling and inflammation . - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of fat in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - 49 - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). - stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - a severe , life - threatening rash with blistering of the skin , peeling of the skin ( pancreatitis ), stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - a severe , life - threatening rash with itching and / or blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a rash , itching and / or blistering of the skin , this may be stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - a severe , life - threatening rash with itching and / or blistering of the skin ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - swelling of the face and throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a rash , itching and blistering of the skin , this may be stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects listed below were seen when orkambi was given together with ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , upper respiratory tract infection , cough , abdominal pain , nausea , increased liver enzymes in blood test results ( see section 2 ). redness , rash and / or pain increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood test ) and increased liver enzymes in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear pain ) ear pain . ear pain . ear pain . ear pain . ear pain . ear pain . ear pain . inflammation of the voice box . ear pain . pain in the upper right abdomen . loss of appetite . pain , redness and pain in an area of an abnormal ear sounds . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding , bruising , bleeding or a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ). pale skin , fast heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and loss of appetite . 78 , hypersensitivity reactions , such as itchy rash and hives . allergic reactions can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : fever , feeling very tired , pale skin , fast heart beat , dizziness or feeling sick ( nausea ) with diarrhoea and neutropenia , red blood cells ( anaemia ), red blood cells ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), lymphopenia ( leukopenia ), low white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching or swelling . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . heart attack , fast heart beat , fast heart rate , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , heart attack or irregular heart beat , irregular heartbeat . if you get symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling , or redness . these symptoms can be signs of heart problems . irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving nyxoid . symptoms of such reactions include itching , swelling and redness . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering . you experience these symptoms , such as dizziness , shivering , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , fast heart rate , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of nyxoid . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering . you experience these symptoms , such as dizziness , shivering , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , fast heart rate , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of nyxoid . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering . you experience these symptoms , such as dizziness , shivering , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , fast heart rate , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of nyxoid . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering . you experience these symptoms , such as dizziness , headache , sweating , rapid breathing , heart rhythm disturbances , irregular heart rhythm , heart rhythm disturbances , irregular heart rhythm , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of nyxoid . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . rash . shivering . feeling sick , vomiting . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects - severe allergic reaction , which may be severe and life - threatening . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , redness , swelling , swelling or irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach or mouth feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of the injection ( injection site rotation ) or injection site reactions ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ) signs of which may include : o a swollen face , decreased urine production , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive serious allergic reactions ( thromboembolic reactions ). ohss may cause a severe and life - threatening medical condition . decreased levels of blood platelets , which may cause difficulty in breathing , drop in blood pressure , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ovaleap . serious side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious blood clotting complications , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . decreased levels of blood platelets . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): a serious condition called thrombotic thrombocytic purpura ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): a serious condition called thrombotic thrombocytic purpura ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may have ( potentially life - threatening condition ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low blood pressure . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of blood cancer ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low blood pressure . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): low blood sugar . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , decreased sexual drive , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in the lungs , especially in patients with sickle cell disease ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : - if you notice any of the following skin reactions , you should seek immediate medical attention . - if you notice yellowing of the skin or the whites of your skin turns yellow , or brown - coloured urine - rash or a fever - chills - chills - swelling of the face , lips , eyes or eyes - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - severe deterioration of the heart ' s ability to pump limbs ( reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ) - swelling around the subcutaneous_tissue area of the subcutaneous_tissue - the following may be signs of a blood clot in the lung caused by a blood clot , a blockage in a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) - blockage of blood vessels in the lungs - allergic reactions including : - sudden onset of rash , fever , chills , swelling of the face , lips , eyes or eyes - excessive sweating - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movement of the skin ) - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - serious inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movement of the skin ) - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - serious inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and / or eyes ) - excessive sweating - fever - chills - swelling of the face - lips , eyes or eyes - excessive sweating - agitation - confusion - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and / or eyes ) - blood clots in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) - allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - rash - fever - chills - swelling of the face , lips or eyes - excessive sweating - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - serious inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movement of the skin ) - swelling around the subcutaneous_tissue area of the eye ( macular oedema ) - blood clots in the blood vessels in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) - allergic reactions - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - rash - fever - chills - swelling of the face - lips , eyes or eyes - excessive sweating - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - serious inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movement of the skin ) - swelling around the subcutaneous_tissue area of the eye ( macular oedema ) - a blood clot in a blood vessel ( thrombotic embolism ) - allergic reactions including allergic skin reactions such as : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue ( angioedema ) - rash - chills - chills - swelling of the face , lips , eyes or eyes - excessive sweating - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - serious inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movement of the skin ) - swelling of the eyelid - a condition called macular oedema ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects after the injection procedure : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling where the injection is given generalised itching these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) warmth , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth or pain where the injection is given warmth . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : changes in blood test results such as a problem called liver function and your liver is working properly . your doctor will explain these to you . signs include : pain in your arms or legs , swelling of your face , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . severe adverse skin reactions not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): asthma attack 59 other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain or weakness in arms , legs , feeling dizzy feeling weak feeling or being sick feeling tired , sore throat , changes in taste swollen legs or feet 59 swelling of your hands , feet , legs or feet 59 a burning sensation or swelling at the injection site these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . swelling of your feet or ankles , swelling of your hands , feet or ankles and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . severe allergic reactions are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you get any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before and during your treatment with zeposia . allergic reaction the signs may include : a rash , a rash , drop in blood pressure , breathlessness and blurred vision ( see also section 2 . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , drop in blood pressure or breathlessness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) immediate breathing difficulties if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses or throat ) infection of the sinuses ( pneumonia ) cough cough bleeding in the stomach or intestine ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) joint pain back pain constipation . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irregular heart beat fractures ( fractures ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects 37 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get a severe allergic reaction , including anaphylaxis ( swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and / or flu - like symptoms . stop using zinforo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . you may experience the following additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin rash skin rashes feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea or stool changes in your liver function tests , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ). you should see your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin rash , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain , irritation , itching or bruising skin rash , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea or an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood tests more often if you have stomach pain , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , itching , itching or bruising skin pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain or being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea or an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may also check your liver function tests . tell your doctor if you experience stomach pain , being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) or diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea or stomach pain . pain , itching , itching or bruising skin and pain . feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain , being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea or an increase in bilirubin ( an enzyme produced by the liver ). an increase in the levels of enzymes produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ). diarrhoea . an increase in the level of enzymes produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain , being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea or an increase in bilirubin ( an enzyme produced by the liver ). an increase in the levels of enzymes produced by the liver . tell your doctor if you experience stomach pain , being sick ( nausea or being sick ) or diarrhoea . these may be signs of an increase in the some enzymes ( an enzyme produced by the liver ). an increase in the levels of enzymes produced by the liver . other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people skin inflammation skin pain feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea or stomach pain . pain , irritation , itching or bruising skin rash , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea or an increase in bilirubin ( an enzyme produced by the liver ). an increase in the levels of enzymes produced by the liver , which may be a sign of stomach pain or being sick ( nausea or vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include hypersensitivity ( e . g . pain_in_limb ), swollen face , lips , tongue and / or throat , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , snoring , skin rash and irritation in the mouth . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . sudden decrease or loss of hearing . yellowing of the skin and eyes . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): - slow heart rate - decreased body temperature - headache - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle stiffness and pain - serious drug reaction . these can be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eye and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - blood clots in the veins , especially of the veins , legs , or legs . the following side effects have been reported with xadago : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rapid heartbeat - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - headache , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle stiffness and pain - drug withdrawal syndrome . - if you have any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . - if you get left upper stomach ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the injection site , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in this_medicine appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking zytiga and talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible serious side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the hospital ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking zytiga and talk to your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( which may affect more than 1 out of 10 people ): severe infections ( sepsis ) has been reported with prednisolone use . this is a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). severe infections ( including sepsis ) have been reported when prednisolone is taken alone ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). severe infections ( including sepsis ) have been reported when prednisolone is taken in combination with prednisolone and arrhythmia . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( prolongation of the electrical interval of the heart ). prolongation of the qt interval from the heart ( cardiac prolongation ). ecg changes to the electrical rhythm of the heart ( cardiac prolongation ). arrhythmia and palpitations . rapid heart rate . changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). ecg ( qt prolongation ) ecg ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia and palpitations . rapid heart rate . changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). ecg ( qt prolongation ) ecg ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia and palpitations . rapid heart rate . changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). ecg ( qt prolongation ) ecg ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia and palpitations . rapid heart rate . changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). ecg ( qt prolongation ) ecg ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia and palpitations . rapid heart rate . changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). ecg ( qt prolongation ) ecg ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia and palpitations . rapid heart rate . changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). ecg ( qt prolongation ) ecg ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia and palpitations . rapid heart rate . changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). ecg ( qt prolongation ) ecg ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , and heart rhythm disturbances ( qt prolongation ). ecg of the heart ' s electrical activity ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . ecg ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) or abnormal heart rhythm . qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( ecg ), a fluttering or pounding feeling in your chest ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( qt prolongation ) changes to the electrical rhythm of heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical activity of the heart ( qt
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : heart problems : heart problems which can cause shingles or inflammations , bleeding or other organs caused by tremor , neuropathy ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause tremor or neuropathy , guillain - barré syndrome , stroke , speech disorders , buzzing , temporary loss of vision , high blood pressure , shortness of breath with activity or heart rhythm disturbances , collection of fluid in the lung , inflammation of the lung , fluid in the lung , inflammation of the pancreas , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , difficulty in swallowing or breathing , sudden onset rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , facial oedema , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , angioedema ( angioedema ), facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : hives ( skin reactions , which may be severe and life threatening ), redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms : - infections or severe blistering of the skin or mucous membranes ( e . g . redness of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ), which may be accompanied by fever . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis low number of white blood cells , bronchitis , white blood cells and infections possible signs are as described above . if you experience any of these , especially if you are also treated with paracetamol , or any other medicine containing anti - b * such as irritability , migraine skin reactions , such as itching , hives , or feeling tired or tired , being short of breath or if you feeling dizzy or dizzy . your doctor may tell you to stop taking ritemvia . if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , or if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis low number of white blood cells , bronchitis , white blood cells , and white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets mental disorders such as : itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause itching , hives , feeling weak or tired , being short of breath when you stand up , infections of the respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections , decrease in white blood cells ( anaemia ), low number of a type of white blood cell ( anaemia ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat decreased number of white blood cells ( hypersensitivity ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat decreased number of white blood cells ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat urinary tract infections ( e . g . hypersensitivity , high blood sugar , weight loss ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing blood clots in the blood vessels of the skin , such as numbness , tingling , pricking , burning , a creeping skin feeling or feeling tired . your doctor will tell you how to treat any of these side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills , severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may indicate severe blisters and blistering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or chest ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , nausea and / or being sick ( nausea ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling dizzy or dizzy when you are not there . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . if you start to feel dizziness , you should seek immediate medical attention . dizziness , if you are not sure what you are at an infusion of the medicine . if you do not feel better , you should call a doctor as soon as possible . if you become any of the following symptoms when your treatment with silodosin_recordati has finished , you should see your doctor straightaway ( see section " warnings and precautions "). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , severe allergic reaction ), thrombocytopenia ( a severe allergic reaction ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , anaphylactic reaction [ thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , anaphylactic reaction [ thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , anaphylactic shock ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , anaphylactic reaction [ thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) with symptoms such as low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , chills and hives . allergic reaction with symptoms such as chills , wheezing or low blood pressure , dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , numbness , tingling , tingling or bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your blood pressure ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your 10 ) ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however , patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . if you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the above symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with factor_viii . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( at least 150 ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ) - uncontrolled fever - seizures ( fits ) - fever - chills - severe dizziness - severe dizziness that does not go away ; - severe dizziness ; - confusion ; - seizures ( fits ), - vomiting , - abdominal pain , - difficulty in breathing , severe dizziness , headache , - inflammation of the lungs , - reduction in blood cells , which increases the risk of infection ( lymphopenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). - allergic reaction ; - rash , itching ; - hives ( urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the mouth , mouth , tongue or throat ; - severe itching of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( exfoliative dermatitis ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or mouth ( angioedema ) - severe and persistent stomach pain with vomiting or loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by a liver disorder ( including neutropenia , lymphopenia ) - leukopenia ( leukopenia ), - allergic reaction , such as rash , itching , hives , and peeling skin , or blistering of the lips , mouth , tongue and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , or any other symptoms such as rash , please tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . the following side effects have been observed with temomedac : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache - dizziness - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - upset stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced number of blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in white blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) - rash - hives ( urticaria ) - peeling skin ( urticaria ) - peeling of the skin ( erythema ) - severe rash with skin_swelling - like symptoms ( urticaria ) - swelling of the face or throat - severe rash of the mouth or mouth - swelling of the hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - severe rash with peeling skin and blisters on the palms of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - severe rash with peeling skin which may be accompanied by vomiting , loss of appetite . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - upset stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced number of blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) - rash - hives ( urticaria ) - reddening of the hands or feet - severe tiredness or confusion - seizures ( fits ) - vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools , severe severe_headache ( such as nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools or swallowing ), - severe tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and difficulty in swallowing , - severe tiredness , - nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and difficulty in swallowing , - severe tiredness , - nausea , vomiting , - abdominal pain , - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing , - severe tiredness , headache , - inflammation of the mucous membranes of the mouth , - severe rash with peeling and peeling of the skin . - if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . other side effects reported with clopidogrel are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - upset stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased number of blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes and hives tell your doctor immediately if you experience : serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction , including difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of serious liver problems swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of serious liver problems which may be fatal ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of the following , stop taking cialis and tell your doctor immediately : - serious allergic reaction which may include difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , which could be signs of serious side effects , including difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , severe diarrhoea , irregular heartbeat , angina and / or chest pain which could be signs of heart failure or angina , which may be angina . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - stomach ache - feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - reflux blurred vision - eye pain - difficulty in breathing - blood in urine - prolonged urination , pounding or fast heart rate - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleeds - ringing in the ears - swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet - feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - seizures and passing memory loss - swelling of the face and / or throat - red spots on the skin - hives ( itchy red rash ) - hives ( urticaria ) - red spots under the skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - fainting - seizures ( passing memory loss ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - nose bleeds - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( feeling sick ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures and passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , hives ( itchy red welts on the skin ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - fainting - seizures ( passing memory loss ) - irregular heartbeat - low blood pressure , nose bleeds - ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , feeling tired . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures and passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red spots on the skin ), hives , red or purple spots on the skin , hives ( urticaria ), - red spots on the skin , seeing or itchy bumps on the skin that is covered with hives ( red spots ), hives ( urticaria ) - fainting - seizures ( passing memory loss ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or hives ( angioedema ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures and passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red spots on the skin ) - hives ( urticaria ) - red spots under the skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - fainting - seizures ( passing memory loss ) - fainting - seizures - passing memory loss - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or hives ( angioedema ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures and passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red spots on the skin ) - hives ( urticaria ) - red spots under the skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - fainting - seizures ( passing memory loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very rare with hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). hypoglycaemia may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as they may need urgent medical attention . if you have a rash , swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash ( rash ) 31 stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes levels in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes levels in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( which may be due to low blood pressure ), anaemia ( feeling tired or fatigue ), headache , feeling short of breath , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , jaw or gut pain , pain in arms or legs , back pain , stomach pain , pain in arms and legs , back pain , stomach pain , tiredness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding . these may be signs of a low blood potassium ( thrombocytopenia ), thrombocytopenia . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung ( pneumonia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the stomach and / or gut , usually on the gut ( the gut ) infusion - related reactions ( including difficulties to breathe ), itching of the skin , pain , fever and shivering . in some cases these signs may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), which is usually mild to moderate . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung ( bronchitis ), sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upper stomach pain , nose or gut infection , inflammation of the nose , gut or gut ( the signs may include sudden itching , bumps on colour of the skin , pain , fever , shivering ) blurred vision , kidney failure , joint pain , and pain ( including increased need to urinate ) diverticulitis ( excess protein in the urine ) diverticulitis ( increased tendency to bruise ) heartbeat , shaking ( feeling of shaking ) drug reaction ( including feeling of being unwell ) injection site reaction ( including pain , redness , bruising , swollen glands ) haematoma ( runny nose , hair loss ( epistaxis ) inflammation of the gullet ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the lining of the intestine ) heartbeat , shaking ( difficulty in sleeping ) blood clots ( haematoma ) runny nose hair loss ( epistaxis ) inflammation of the inner lining of the stomach or gut ( gastroenteritis ) bleeding , bleeding , bruising , red or purple spots on the limbs ( haematoma ), runny nose hair loss ( epistaxis ) inflammation of the lining of the stomach or gut ( gastroenteritis ) bleeding , bleeding , bruising , or other types of bleeding ( haematoma ) runny nose hair loss ( epistaxis ) inflammation of the lining of the stomach or gut ( gastroenteritis ) bleeding into the stomach or intestine ( gastroenteritis ) bleeding , bleeding , bruising common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) upper respiratory tract infection cold sores , sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upper stomach pain , nose or throat infection , irritation of the stomach and gut , which may be severe and can be life - threatening ( non - melanoma ) rash , red skin , pain , fever and shivering ( possible signs of kidney problems ) joint pain , joint pain , and / or pain changes in electrocardiogram ( including increased need to urinate ) diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the lining of the intestine ) heartbeat , shaking ( difficulty in sleeping ) blood clots ( haematoma ) runny nose hair loss ( epistaxis ) inflammation of the inner lining of the stomach or gut ( gastroenteritis ) bleeding , bleeding , bruising , red or purple spots on the limbs ( haematoma ), runny nose hair loss ( epistaxis ) inflammation of the lining of the stomach or gut ( gastroenteritis ) bleeding , bleeding , bruising , or skin damage ( haematoma ), runny nose hair loss ( epistaxis ) inflammation of the lining of the stomach or gut ( gastroenteritis ) bleeding or bleeding in the stomach or intestine ( can be seen in test results ) diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ). diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ). diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the lining of the intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding or bleeding from where the bladder is inserted in the intestine ). diverticulitis ( runny nose , hair loss , hair loss ( epistaxis ) or other signs of inflammation of the urinary tract lining of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , - sensation of tingling , stinging and stinging in your mouth and / or mucous membranes on the iris , runny or blocked nose - abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation - joint pain , muscle or muscle pain , difficulty in passing urine - vaginal bleeding , eye_discharge - itching , generalised sensitivity to light , - swelling of the eyelid , - irritation of the eyelid , - irritation , - vision disturbances , - itchy eyes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergy ( herpes zoster ) - heart attack , congestive heart failure - blood clots in the veins in the eyelash ( pulmonary embolism ) - partial loss of vision - eye pain - inflammation of the eye - fainting - stroke - visual disturbances - congestive heart failure - low blood pressure - thirst , thirst - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - difficulty urinating - changes in the way things taste - excess of fluid in the eyeball - abnormal liver function tests - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity of skin to sunlight ) - skin rash ( including a viral disorder ) - damage to the respiratory system - skin rash with a flat discoloured area or ring detachment of the affected layer of the respiratory tract - skin rash with a flat discoloured area or ring detachment of the affected layer of the respiratory tract - skin rash with a flat discoloured area or respiratory sensitivity - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function - hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - skin rash with a flat discoloured area or raised bumps on the skin - fainting - stroke - visual disturbances - congestive heart failure - low blood pressure - thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - throat irritation - abnormal liver function tests . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergy ; - potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions ") - heart attack , congestive heart failure , blood clots in the veins of the extremities , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart failure , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased frequency of urination , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation - abnormal liver function tests , increased sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal liver function - allergic skin rash , damage to the optic nerve ( e . g . abnormal , fatty liver , respiratory syndrome , sensitivity to light ) - sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , dry eyes - abnormal liver function tests , increased frequency of urination , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation - abnormal liver function tests . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , tingling sensation , stinging or stinging in the hands and feet ( caused by a medicine of the iris ) - runny or stuffy nose - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - indigestion - vomiting - nausea - constipation - joint pain - muscle or muscle pain - muscle spasm - back pain - itchy skin - itching - generalised itching - swelling of the eyelid - redness of the skin - irritation - abnormal liver function tests . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergy ( serious allergic reaction ) - heart attack - congestive heart failure - blood clots in the veins in the eyelash ( pulmonary embolism ) - partial loss of vision - eye pain - inflammation of the eyelid - fainting - stroke - visual disturbances - congestive heart failure - blood clots - thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , back pain - abnormal liver function tests - excess of bilirubin in the blood - excess of bilirubin in the blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - upper respiratory tract infection , such as sore throat or runny nose ( rhinorrhoea ), problems with liver function , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasms - generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - chest pain - nasal congestion ( hoarseness ) - changes in blood test results for pancreas function ( low red blood cell count ) - low magnesium in the blood - low magnesium in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - decrease in the number of all types of blood cells in the blood ( seen in tests ) - decreases in the amount of red blood cells in the blood ( shown in tests ) - decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) in the blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reaction which may include rash , itchy or chest pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - feeling hot ( malaise ) - visual disturbances - muscle spasm - abnormal hair texture ( hirsutism ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - muscle twitching , generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - chest pain - nasal congestion - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( high level of red blood cells ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - decrease in the number of all types of blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) - allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face ) - swelling of the face ( oedema ) - feeling hot ( malaise ) - visual disturbances - muscle spasm - abnormal hair texture ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - muscular weakness ( malaise ) - changes in blood test results for pancreas function ( low red blood cell count ) - low magnesium in the blood - high blood levels of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - decrease in the number of all types of blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) - decrease in the number of all blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) - allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face ) - swelling of the face ( oedema ) - feeling hot ( malaise ) - visual disturbances - muscle spasm - abnormal hair texture ( hirsutism ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - muscle spasms - generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - chest pain - nasal congestion - abnormal blood test result for pancreas function ( blood protein ) in your blood ; increase in the level of red blood cells in the blood ( shown in tests ) - increases in the level of red blood cells in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - decrease in the number of all types of blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) - allergic reaction ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed nose , rhinorrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion , abdominal pain , flatulence ) ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasms - generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) - decrease in the amount of potassium in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the side effects above . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness or fainting which may be due to a drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of a low level of blood cells called copd ). cough , shortness of breath , wheezing or asthma , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation or mouth , dry mouth , tiredness and / or a fever . these could be signs of a so - called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome " ( uncommon ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat tightness , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation or mouth , dry mouth , tiredness , or a decrease in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden decrease or loss of consciousness ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever ( asthma ), shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , mouth pain , dry mouth , tiredness , or a decrease in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden decrease or loss of consciousness ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness , fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever ( asthma ), shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , mouth pain , dry mouth , tiredness , or a decrease in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden decrease or loss of consciousness ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness , fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth or tiredness . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood tests and tell your doctor if you experience any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure ( copd ) - side effects with unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , light - headedness or fainting - these may be signs of a low blood pressure in the blood vessels ( copd ) - cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness - cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation or mouth , dry mouth , tiredness and / or stomach ache - fainting - dry mouth , fainting - dry mouth - fainting - dry mouth - fainting - dry mouth - fainting - dry mouth - fainting - dry mouth
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections ( including low red blood cell count ) anaemia ( anaemia ) feeling tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , sleepiness , or sleepiness . these may be signs of a low blood pressure . nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , pain in the gut or arms , vomiting , stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , raised itchy rash ( urticaria ), hair loss , loss of muscle coordination , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , weakness , chills , shivering , bruising or bleeding ( signs of a low level of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections of the an infection of the blood ( bacteria or anaemia ) decreased appetite weight loss , sleepiness , headache , drowsiness , weakness , dizziness , asthenia ( low blood pressure ) sepsis ( pneumonia ), pneumonia , shortness of breath , chest pain ( including blocked nose , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , excess gas in the stomach or bowel , urticaria , hair loss , loss of hair , muscle aches , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , or weakness , chills , shivering , bruising or bleeding ( signs of a low level of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an infection of the blood ( sepsis ) - anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness - weakness , dizziness ( asthenia ) - increase in blood pressure ( sepsis ) - pneumonia - pneumonia - shortness of breath - chest pain - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - constipation - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms , or weakness - chills , shivering , bruising or bleeding ( signs of a low blood pressure ) ( thrombocytopenia ) - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding - a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a serious condition called bacteria , anaemia , - decreased appetite , weight loss , sleepiness , headache , drowsiness , weakness , dizziness ( asthenia ), - increase in blood pressure , - sepsis , - pneumonia , - shortness of breath , chest pain , - upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , - raised itchy bumps on the skin ( urticaria ), hair loss , - loss of muscle coordination , muscle aches , muscle spasms , - muscle spasms , - weakness , chills , shivering , bruising or bleeding ( signs of a low level of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an infection of the blood ( sepsis ) - anaemia ( low white blood cell count ) - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness - weakness - dizziness - asthenia ( asthenia ) - increase in blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pneumonia - pneumonia - shortness of breath , chest pain - pneumonia ( infection of the airways - sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation - excess of fluid in the gut ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of hair ( alopecia ) - swelling of limbs ( oedema ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of hair - loss of hair - muscle spasms , muscle spasms - muscle spasms , or weakness - chills - shivering ( shivering ) - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - increased sexual drive - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding - increased blood triglycerides ( fat ) ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an infection of the blood ( sepsis ) - anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness - weakness , dizziness ( asthenia ) - increase in blood pressure ( sepsis ) - pneumonia - pneumonia - shortness of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting abdominal pain constipation inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain difficulty in passing stools stomach pain not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) headache dizziness headache palpitations ( palpitations ) joint pain ( palpitations ) dizziness 34 increased sweating joint pain ( palpitations ) dizziness 34 increased sweating joint pain joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) runny nose 34 dizziness , headache , palpitations and / or joint pain heart attack . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 34 dizziness , headache , palpitations and chest pain . other side effects with this medicine include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain 34 vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , inflammation of the intestine , abdominal pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , signs of weakness or weakness , shortness of breath , confusion or collapse . these may be signs of a possible condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you experience chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness ( signs of hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , - low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . - low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas . - low levels of phosphate in the blood . - anaemia . - headache and fatigue . - if you experience a cough , chills and fatigue , as these may be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome " ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - low level of phosphate in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if you experience a reduction in your blood pressure , such as headache or fatigue , - these may be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome " ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - low level of phosphate in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if you experience a reduction in your blood pressure , such as anaemia or headache , - fatigue and your doctor may tell you to stop taking biresp spiromax . - low level of phosphate in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of a low white blood cell count ( platelets ), which may be associated with a high temperature - muscle weakness - an allergic reaction - weakness , stomach ache , nausea , heartburn , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , headache , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn - skin rash , dry mouth - headache , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , heartburn - skin rash , dry mouth - headache , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low levels of all blood cells , red blood cells and platelets , and a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) which can result in muscle weakness , feeling sad , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , temporary changes in vision - visual impairment , visual impairment , immediately , immediately contact your doctor immediately . - dry mouth , heartburn , stomach discomfort , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) candidiasis may cause candidiasis ( build - up of fluid in the mouth or at the back of the mouth ) or pain ( including burning sensation when urinating or urinary retention ) - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - muscle or muscle pain ( musculoskeletal pain ) - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - difficulty or pain when passing urine ( urinary retention ) - runny nose - hoarseness - cough - fever - diarrhoea - abdominal ( belly ) pain - hoarseness ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - rash - itching - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of lips , tongue or throat - coughing - wheezing - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the lips , tongue , tongue or throat - coughing with wheezing or breathing problems ( dysuria ) - pain in passing urine ( dysuria ) - pain in passing urine ( dysuria ) - pain in passing urine ( dysuria ) - pain in passing urine ( dysuria ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion ( flatulence ), feeling tired , lack of energy ( fatigue ), headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood pressure , increase in liver enzymes in your blood common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion ( flatulence ), feeling tired , lack of energy ( fatigue ), feeling weak , lack of energy , pain in the arms or legs , problems with your blood which may lead to damage to the kidney function , kidney problems , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , and may be a sign of urinary tract infection . uncommon : inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure , pancreatitis , abnormal liver function tests , pancreatitis . inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( pancreatitis ), abnormal liver function tests , liver failure , yellow skin of the skin ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure , pancreatitis , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( pancreatitis ), abnormal liver function tests , kidney failure , yellow skin or skin ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure , pancreatitis , enlarged liver , pancreatitis , yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , kidney failure , yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), abnormal liver function tests , liver failure , yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), abnormal liver function ( japanese patients are more likely to experience this side effect ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure , pancreatitis , enlarged liver , pancreatitis , yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), abnormal skin pigmentation , abnormal skin pigmentation , kidney failure , yellow skin or skin ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure , pancreatitis , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , kidney failure , yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), abnormal skin pigmentation , abnormal darkening of the skin to sunlight ( pancreatitis ) inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), hepatic enzyme elevations , kidney failure , yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), abnormal liver function tests , liver failure , yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure , pancreatitis , enlarged liver , pancreatitis , yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , abnormal skin pigmentation , kidney failure , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark brown - coloured urine , kidney failure , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), abnormal urine odour , kidney failure , yellow skin or skin ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure , pancreatitis , yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , abnormal skin pigmentation , kidney failure , yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), abnormal urine odour , kidney failure , yellow skin or skin ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure , pancreatitis , enlarged liver , pancreatitis , yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellow skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or very tired feeling dizzy when standing up because of a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may cause sensitivity to light , tingling or numbness of the hands or vertigo ( vertigo ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet feeling dizzy spinning sensation ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears , vertigo feeling dizzy headache , fast muscle beat , vertigo , dry mouth 37 increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 altered or increased movements of taste , dry mouth , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet hypersensitivity ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling or sleepy , dry mouth , change in the way things taste not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) feeling dizzy changes in how your muscle is activity , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( feeling of spinning ), headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), dry mouth , changes in taste or loss of taste ( tingling or numbness of the ears ), dry mouth 37 altered or increased movements of taste , dry mouth , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive difficulty sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive difficulty sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive difficulty sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased muscle tension difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive difficulty sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive difficulty sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive difficulty sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 feeling restless , abnormal muscle movements , such as tingling , ringing or pricking in the hands and feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive and increased muscle enzyme in the blood difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive difficulty sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 feeling restless , abnormal muscle movements , such as tingling , ringing or pricking in the hands and feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive and increased muscle enzyme in the blood difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased sexual drive difficulty sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 feeling restless , abnormal muscle spasms or muscle spasms , such as tingling , ringing or itchy sensation in the mouth , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased muscle tone and feeling of being unwell , difficulty with sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 decreased or increased movements , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 increased levels of a muscle enzyme ( creatine phosphokinase ), feeling anxious , feeling anxious , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 decreased feeling or sensitivity , feeling anxious , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 feeling restless , abnormal muscle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness , pain , itching , redness , peeling , blistering and peeling of the skin , severe rash with fever and peeling skin , or fever . severe skin reactions can be severe and could lead to severe_skin_reaction . severe skin reactions ( rash , skin rash , fever ) and severe allergic reactions have been reported . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience kidney injury , such as muscle weakness , swelling of the face , hand and / or hand . these may be signs of kidney damage . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) fever feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain ( myalgia ) pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching , rash and rash muscle pain , muscle weakness , abnormal liver function tests , which may cause pain , chest pain and redness , fever or diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , skin rash , itching , rash , muscle pain , muscle weakness , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests , rash , peeling and skin eruptions , allergic reactions ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience fever , chills and sunburn , severe allergic reactions , which may be severe and could lead to fever . contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms , such as fever , chills or sunburn , severe allergic reactions , with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience kidney injury , such as muscle weakness , swelling of the face , hand and / or hand . these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) fever feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain ( myalgia ) pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching , rash , muscle pain , muscle weakness , abnormal blood tests ( feeling of pain , pain , chest pain , redness , fever ) nausea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , skin rash , itching , rash , muscle pain , muscle weakness , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood , rash , peeling and skin eruptions , allergic reactions ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience fever , chills and sunburn , severe allergic reactions , which may be severe and could lead to basal_cell_carcinoma . contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms , such as fever , chills or sunburn , severe allergic reactions , with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience kidney injury , such as muscle weakness , swelling of the face , hand and / or hand . these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) fever feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain ( myalgia ) pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching , rash , muscle pain , muscle weakness , abnormal blood tests ( fever ) pain , chest pain , redness , fever or diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , skin rash , itching , rash , muscle pain , muscle weakness , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood , rash , peeling and skin eruptions , allergic reactions ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience fever , chills and sunburn , severe allergic reactions , which may be severe , sometimes with rash , skin rash , and fever . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience kidney problems such as fever , chills or sunburn , severe allergic reaction , or severe allergic reactions , with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): kidney failure . if you have muscle pain , swelling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and blood disorders . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - if you experience fever , infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and blood clots . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the above or combination of the following side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the salivary glands ; have been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary failure .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , intestinal disorder , nausea , reflux of stomach discomfort , indigestion , problems with digestion resulting in indigestion , stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of heaviness , back pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness in the limbs , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or trouble walking . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations and irregular heart beat , increased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , intestinal reflux disorder , tooth disorder , inflammation of the eye , pain , itching , dry skin , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of heaviness , back pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , feeling of coldness of hands and feet , feeling hot and unwell . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations and irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , intestinal reflux disorder , tooth disorder , inflammation of the eye , pain , itching , dry skin , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , painful urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , feeling unwell , sudden weight loss . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations and irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , intestinal reflux disorder , tooth disorder , inflammation of the eye , pain , itching , dry skin , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , painful urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , difficulty withholding your urine , sudden chest pain , frequent urination , loss of memory , difficulty with or painful urination , incontinence . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations and irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , intestinal reflux disorder , tooth disorder , inflammation of the large bowel , pain , itching , generalised generalised muscle pain , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , painful urination , frequent urination , difficulty withholding your urine , sudden chest pain , frequent urination , loss of memory , difficulty with or painful urination , incontinence . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations ; irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , intestinal reflux disorder , tooth disorder , inflammation of the large bowel , pain , itching , dry skin , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , painful urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , difficulty withholding your urine , sudden chest pain , reduced or reduced urine volume , loss of memory , weight loss . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations and irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , intestinal reflux disorder , tooth disorder , inflammation of the large bowel , pain , itching , dry skin , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , painful urination , frequent urination , incontinence ( loss of memory ), general weakness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations and irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv pain , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . lower number of red blood cells or red blood cells ( which carry oxygen ), which may be associated with weakness , breathlessness , bleeding , bruising and bleeding have been reported . if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue your treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm . your doctor may give you other medicines to help reduce your dose . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm . your doctor will give you whether your infusion pain and / or any other medicine . your doctor may give you other medicines to help reduce your dose . reduced number of red blood cells , known as neutrophils , neutropenia , and a fever . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( a disease characterised by the body ' s own immune system ), which can be a symptom of a rare severe situation . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . o cough , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be reduced by your doctor . diarrhoea , feeling sick , fatigue , bruising , bleeding , bruising or bleeding may occur . your doctor may do blood tests to make you a medicine . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . reduction in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( neutrophils ) ( neutropenia , neutropenia , or a fever ) may occur . tell your doctor if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : diarrhoea , feeling sick , fatigue , bruising , bleeding , bruising or bleeding . your doctor may do a blood test to check your dose for your treatment . if you do have stopped , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose and / or discontinue your treatment . your doctor will decide whether your treatment will start and during treatment . your doctor will give you whether your infusion is given and during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the treatment . your doctor may give you other medicines and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . reduction in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and febrile neutropenia ( a decrease in the number of red blood cells ) which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . a rash , chills , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the abdomen ( anaphylaxis ), anaphylaxis ( skin rash with a slow spleen ), increased spleen size . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , vomiting and loss of appetite tell your doctor . diarrhoea , feeling sick , fatigue , bruising , bleeding , bruising or bleeding . your doctor may do regular blood tests to check your treatment . if you have a reaction , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or discontinue your treatment . your doctor may decide to stop your filgrastim_ratiopharm treatment if you notice any changes in your health . during a hiv infusion , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose and / or discontinue your treatment . reduction in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( e . g . neutrophils , neutropenia , with a fever ) a reaction of the blood vessels , which can make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may give you a medicine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) are signs of liver problems ( see also section 2 ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) whether or not associated with itching and feeling nauseous or being sick yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) dark urine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sleepiness , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , a change in the way things taste increase in appetite , tiredness , numbness , pain , headache , dizziness , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting and diarrhoea and a metallic taste ( pancreatitis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infections of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice , jaundice , liver does not work as well as it should ( itching of the skin ), jaundice ( yellow coloration of the eyes ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). you should seek help immediately if you experience any of the above side effects . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness feeling very tired ( vertigo ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) injection site reactions ( such as bruising , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea ( fatigue ), constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , diarrhoea , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , 50 flu - like illness , flu - like illness , muscle pain , thinning , itching , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weakness , flu - like illness , headache , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , unusual hair loss or thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , arm or leg pain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , unusual hair loss , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 flu - like illness , flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , gastric disorder , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , upper respiratory tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , - unusual hair loss , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , flu - like illness , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , gastric disorder , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - itching 50 - flu - like illness - joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , - unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , flu - like illness , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , gastric disorder , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin 50 - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin 50 - itching - dry skin 50 - itching - dry skin - itching - skin rash - itching - itching 50 - flu - like illness - joint pain - difficulty sleeping - cough - flu - like illness - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping - cough - flu - like illness - abdominal pain - gastric disorder - heartburn , diarrhoea - excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin 50 - itching - dry skin 50 - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - skin redness or itching - itching 50 - flu - like illness - joint pain - difficulty sleeping - cough - flu - like illness - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin - rash , itching , dry skin - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - flu - like
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , skin infection , fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands , skin infection , a fall in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which can make you more prone to bleeding ), vomiting , diarrhoea , joint pain , swelling , pain , redness , swelling or tenderness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin , groin , armpits , or damage to the body tissues , or damage to the body , breathing problems , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , bloody stools , inflamed stomach , black stools , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( signs of agranulocytosis ). methotrexate is very common with methotrexate treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , sleep problems , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness in a low blood pressure ( including anaemia ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low level of red blood cells , shingles ) or in the body ( agranulocytosis ), often associated with methotrexate treatment ( e . g . fever or sore throat ), nose bleeds ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). shingles , often associated with methotrexate treatment ( e . g . fever or sore throat ), nose bleeds ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ), shingles or boils ( when methotrexate is used in combination with methotrexate ), liver disorder ( inflammation of the liver ). agranulocytosis , methotrexate patients may also cause liver damage , inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ), which can be associated with methotrexate treatment , liver failure , inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis , methotrexate ). when methotrexate treatment is used alone , kidney problems , inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ) and / or methotrexate patients have experienced liver problems . inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ) have been observed with methotrexate treatment . liver problems such as inflammation_of_the_liver or methotrexate can cause liver problems . inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ) have been observed with methotrexate treatment . liver problems such as inflammation_of_the_liver or methotrexate can cause liver problems . inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ). some patients have had the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , stiff muscles , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness . low blood pressure ( anaemia ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleeds , shingles , skin inflammation , boils , vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling sleepy or tired , weak or weak and low blood pressure ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ). fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low level of red blood cells ). shingles , which may be associated with boils , including but the body ' s immune system attacks healthy body . nose bleeds , nose bleeds ( signs of reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ) can make it is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , stiff muscles , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness . low blood pressure ( hypertension ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of reduction in the number of red blood cells ), shingles , boils on the body . changes in the colour of the heart , such as fever , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of reduction in the number of red blood cells ). shingles , but can be associated with methotrexate treatment ( e . g . numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness ). increased levels of certain enzymes in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), fever , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ). methotrexate is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , stiff muscles , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness . low blood pressure ( anaemia ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed , shingles , skin inflammation , boils , vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling sleepy or tired , weak or weak and low blood pressure ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ). fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low level of red blood cells ). shingles , which
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) hyperglycaemia ( symptoms include excessive thirst , hunger and frequent urination ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat , sneezing , sore throat or diarrhoea stomach pain or diarrhoea stomach pain 36 the following side effects have also been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty or pain when passing urine high blood pressure urinary tract infection palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beat ) low blood pressure nasal congestion hoarseness cough cough wheezing mouth ulcers feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead joint pain pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs urinary tract infection feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) flu - like illness 75 * headache * frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction called an infusion - related reaction during and after the infusion . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , with rash , itching , hives ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or low blood pressure ( signs of liver problems ) - yellowing of the lung and the whites of the lung ( angioedema ) which can cause difficulty breathing , which can be a sign of serious lung problems ( interstitial lung disease ) such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a lung disease called progressive lung disease ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections ( including pneumonia ) - serious infection ( pneumonia ) - cough - sore throat or vomiting - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - tiredness - weakness - tiredness - dizziness - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite * aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) feeling of pressure or falling sick ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsy or feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , changes in liver function tests . these are signs of high level of magnesium , potassium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , or phosphate in the blood . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood levels and what to do if you experience any of these effects . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsy or feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , or phosphate in the blood high levels of calcium , or fat in the blood . liver problems . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsy or drowsy in the ears , vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood high level of calcium in the blood , which may cause gout . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness or drowsy , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , changes in liver function tests . these are signs of high level of magnesium , potassium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , or phosphate in the blood . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood levels and what to do if you experience any of these effects . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , or phosphate in the blood high levels of calcium , or fat in the blood . liver problems . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up of blood or serum duct ( e . g . excessive fear to pass urine ), feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate in the blood , increased number of certain types of white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), magnesium level , potassium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), vomiting , dry mouth ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face or throat ; allergic reaction ; swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause you to faint , as contact your doctor immediately . if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected irritation ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected irritation ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected irritation ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , tingling or stinging of the skin , blurred vision , or blurred vision , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick . side effects 47 47 uncommon side effects 47 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , changes in taste , bloodshot eyes , eye irritation , eye inflammation , eye inflammation , light sensitivity , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , mouth ulceration , inflammation of the surface of the eye , hair loss , itching or side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be associated with some of the side effects listed below have been observed . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : hives , nettle skin , itchy , eyes , eyes , or eyes ( signs of hives ) difficulty breathing , hives , nettle skin skin reactions ( hives ), nettle skin rash , or difficulty breathing ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). severe skin reactions ( symptoms include : o blood in your urine , pain when passing urine ), severe nausea and vomiting , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , ulcers of the mouth , dehydration ( signs of ulcers of the skin , mouth , eyes and other parts of the body ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - pain , redness , bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding - bleeding , - bruising or bleeding
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : rashes or shortness of breath ( including speaking on the tongue or lips ). serious side effects other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - symptoms of urinary tract infection - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms , such as numbness , burning , burning or pain at the infusion site , such as burning swelling or pain at the injection site - injection site reactions ( including pain , pain , headache , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in falling or urinating ) - pain in the arms or legs - injection site reactions ( including pain , burning , pain or headache ) - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in falling asleep - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms such as pain , numbness , burning , burning pain , or pain - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms such as pain , numbness , burning , burning pain , or pain - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms such as pain , numbness , burning , pain or pain at injection site - injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , pain or headache ) - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in falling asleep - blurred vision - pain or pain in the limbs , including face , lips , tongue or throat - numbness , burning , pain or pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or redness on the limbs - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or redness on the limbs - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or redness on the limbs - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or redness on the limbs - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or redness on the limbs - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or redness on the limbs - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or redness on the limbs - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or redness on the limbs - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms - pain , including pain , burning , burning , or redness on the limbs - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in walking - blurred vision -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience : - fever , chills , sore throat or coughing and swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause severe rash with fever , chills , inability to sleep , loss of taste , hair loss , itchy skin , skin reddening , reddening of skin , reddening of the skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , blood in the urine - blood clot in the veins especially in the anus : symptoms include heart failure , shortness of breath or heart problems or feeling sick or flatulence , flatulence ( signs of severe stomach problems ), constipation , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), and flatulence ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - severe stomach ( abdominal ) fever , fever , chills , sore throat or coughing , swelling of the hands and feet , headache , severe chills , fever and chills ( signs of a high level of blood pressure ). symptoms may include tiredness , paleness , dizziness , numbness or tingling sensations , feeling sick , weight loss and weight gain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , or pain in the limbs . symptoms of heart problems : dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , and muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , or pain in the hands or feet . symptoms of heart problems : dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , and muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , or pain in the hands or feet . symptoms of heart problems : dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , and muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , or pain in the hands or feet . symptoms of heart problems : dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , and muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop lactic acidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . if you are concerned by your doctor if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you notice any symptoms of infection or inflammation , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - if you notice any symptoms of infection or inflammation , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . - if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . - if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called lactic acidosis , and can be fatal . if you experience any symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms above : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called lactic acidosis , and can be fatal . if you experience any symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms above : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called lactic acidosis , and can be fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of infection such as : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called lactic acidosis , and can be fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of infection such as : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - painful and frequent urination - frequent urination ( urinary tract pain ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness , itching , pain , swelling , redness or spasms in the skin - discomfort or abdominal pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) - abdominal discomfort or discomfort - an increase in some liver enzymes - symptoms include rash , itching or hives on the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , itching , pain , swelling , redness or hair_loss_(alopecia on the skin - discomfort or abdominal pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - frequent urination ( may be symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - abdominal discomfort or discomfort - an increase in some liver enzymes - symptoms include rash , itching or hives on the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , itching , pain , swelling , redness or hair_loss_(alopecia on the skin - discomfort or abdominal pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - frequent urination ( may be symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - abdominal discomfort or discomfort - an increase in some liver enzymes - symptoms include rash , itching or hives on the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( a very small type of protein in the urine ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of your face , particularly around the leg , spasms , spasms or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your chest , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most serious side effects of ambirix include : - fever - chills - severe flu - like symptoms , memory loss , loss of consciousness , fever , chills , weakness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( signs of bruising ) - bruising ( common ) - bruising ( common ), or bruising ( common ), or bruising ( common ), - bruising ( common ), - bruising , - bruising , - sore throat , - cough , severe flu like symptoms , - stiff neck , - fever , - chills , - sore throat , - cough , severe flu like symptoms , - dental problems , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with stiff neck , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; - severe tiredness with
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and need medical attention . allergic reactions such as rash , itchy rash or difficulty breathing . these symptoms can be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . difficulty in swallowing or wheezing , coughing and / or consciousness loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction , which may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or a skin rash , which may be symptoms of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ) which may cause difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing and swelling of the skin and / or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . difficulty in swallowing or wheezing , collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following symptoms : loss of consciousness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be more common at the start of vaccination . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking vaccination and talk to your doctor or nurse immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , hard lump ) at the injection site was common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions : hardness , hardening of the skin at the injection site headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures / fainting 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic_reactions may cause allergic reactions such as a rash , swollen face , tongue or throat difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms usually occur within the first 11 weeks of 11 . the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , hard lump ) fever . injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions ( including rash ). swollen glands in the neck , fingers and feet , feeling unwell and generally unwell . 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures ( fits ) 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing . itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and often go away within one week . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 feeling generally unwell and fever . injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , injection site swelling and / or feeling generally unwell ) 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) seizures / fainting ( 23 ) 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions which may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing . itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and often go away within one week . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 feeling generally unwell and fever . injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , injection site swelling and generally feeling unwell ) 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) seizures , fainting or 23 23 2 to 2 . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . difficulty breathing or wheezing or coughing , itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms are usually mild and occur within a few days to a few weeks . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 feeling generally unwell and fever . injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , injection site pain ) and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures ( fits ) 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel teva may be increased when docetaxel teva is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions may occur ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; common : may affect up to your_skin_to_peel in 10 people infections of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation ) abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; dark urine or pains in your muscles , face , face , or upper body ; change in the colour of your nails *, which may detach muscle aches and pains ; dark urine or pains in your muscles , arms , face , or upper body ; change in the colour of your nails *, which may detach muscle aches and pains ; and prolonged and sometimes painful erections - this occurs rarely . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; common : may affect up to your_skin_to_peel in 10 people infections of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation ) abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; common : may affect up to your_skin_to_peel in arms , feet , hands or feet change
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms . your doctor may decide to lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : if you have symptoms such as rash , chest pain or discomfort while being treated with intuniv . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , headache ( fatigue ) headache high blood pressure ( hypotension ) headache high blood pressure high blood pressure , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): abdominal discomfort , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), constipation , abdominal pain headache ( fatigue ) headache high blood pressure high blood pressure , high blood pressure , constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) rash ( pruritus ) rash ( pruritus ) pain in stomach ( abdomen ) loss of appetite ( anorexia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain rash , rash , feeling tired ( fatigue ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache , feeling sleepy ( insomnia ), nervousness , tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) high blood pressure high blood pressure , high blood pressure , constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ), constipation , indigestion ( flatulence ) oral thrush ( thrush ) indigestion constipation abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain , indigestion indigestion ( dyspepsia ) rash ( pruritus ) rash ( pruritus ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) feeling tired ( malaise ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) low blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ) constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) oral thrush ( thrush ) indigestion indigestion abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain , indigestion indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain rash , itching feeling tired ( fatigue ) feeling tired ( malaise ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) low blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ) constipation , indigestion indigestion ( dyspepsia ) indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain , indigestion indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain itching ( pruritus ) rash ( pruritus ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) feeling tired ( malaise ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) low blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , flatulence ( stomach pain ), constipation , indigestion indigestion ( dyspepsia ) indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain , indigestion indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain rash , itching feeling tired ( fatigue ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) low blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ) constipation , indigestion indigestion ( dyspepsia ) indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - change in blood tests such as : - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash ( pruritis ) - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - rash , itching ( including pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - 29 - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain , vomiting , nausea - vomiting - stomach_pain - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , feeling of tightness , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using adynovi and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of allergic reaction : hives ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with treatment)_inhibitor_antibodies were : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 patients ): inhibitor antibodies for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens you or your child may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): − headache ; dizziness ; nausea ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; rash ; excessive sweating ; hives ; wheals ; where the injection is given ; wheezing , general feeling of being unwell ; dizziness ; loss of consciousness ; dizziness ; loss of consciousness ; fainting ; symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , hives , wheals , generalised generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty in breathing ; wheezing ; swelling of the face ; general feeling of being unwell ; dizziness ; loss of consciousness ; fainting ; symptoms of allergic reactions ( such as rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat ), general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting . severe symptoms of allergic reactions such as hives , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , feeling of general discomfort , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting ; symptoms of severe allergic reactions or hives . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects - breast pain - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - tiredness ( fatigue ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , headache - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , drowsiness ) - dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - general feeling of being unwell - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - general feeling of being unwell - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - general feeling of being unwell - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - tingling of the mouth - dizziness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell - swelling of the throat - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - tingling of the mouth - dizziness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell - swelling of the throat - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain 68 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heartbeat ( tachycardia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart palpitations ( palpitations ) awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 68 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects contact your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible signs of lactic acidosis : - drowsiness , dizziness and feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , - unusual tiredness or discomfort , which may indicate bone damage ( fractures ) or bone pain , muscle weakness , or decreases in urine output . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible serious side effects : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - allergic reaction . these are signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "): - drowsiness , - dizziness , - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , - dry mouth , - dizziness , - drowsiness , headache , - headache , - muscle pain , - liver enzymes , - increase in enzymes produced by the liver . - creatinine in the urine . - low blood cell count ( a type of white blood cell ). - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) - 60 60 - feeling weak , drowsiness , weakness , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), feeling bloated , - passing wind ( flatulence ), - problems with your liver ( seen in blood tests ) - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count may make you more prone to low blood levels ) - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) - 60 - feeling weak - drowsiness - weakness , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling bloated - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 - feeling weak or drowsiness - chills - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - dizziness - drowsiness - headache - muscle pain - liver enzymes which may show an increase in some liver enzymes - creatinine in your blood - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - a decrease in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 - feeling weak - drowsiness - weakness - chills - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling bloated - passing more urine than normal or needing to pass urine more frequently than usual or needing to pass urine more frequently than usual or needing to pass urine more frequently than usual or needing to pass urine more frequently than usual or needing to pass urine more frequently than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 - feeling weak or drowsiness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more frequently than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual - needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or tongue ) have been reported . if you experience any of the above mentioned side effects , stop taking orgalutran and tell your doctor immediately : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , abdominal pain , swelling , redness or headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain or redness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction called an infusion - related reaction during or shortly after infusion . if you start to have an infusion - related reaction , your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with paracetamol . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and see a doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms you should contact a doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and call your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives or itching . these could be symptoms of stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by peeling and fever . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - liver failure , which may be fatal . - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the tongue ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by peeling and fever . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include : - sore throat - runny nose - fever very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the tongue ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) - liver failure - prolonged and / or peeling skin rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - liver failure - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by peeling and fever . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - symptoms of rash , face , tongue or tongue , stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - low numbers of red and white blood cells , as well as platelets ( seen in blood test ) - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood - an increase in the level of fat in the blood . - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - an increase in the level of fat in the blood . - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - an increase in the level of fat in the blood . - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - an increase in the level of fat in the blood . - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - an increase in the level of fat in the blood . - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood . - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood . - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood . - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood . - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - a reduction in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - this may be a sign of liver problems . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections such as dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections such as dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections such as dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections such as dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections such as dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , nausea .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you have pain , stools , or swelling around the area where the injection is given . - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling due to a serious condition called ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( a type of allergy ) - pain , swelling , redness or fever . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of allergy : - a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you experience any of the following signs of allergy such as : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin - a severe infection called " sepsis " - a type of rash which may be life - threatening . - a serious condition called " sepsis " ( a rare severe reaction to medicines used to treat infection ). signs may include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the area of the area that can become severe . - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of fat in the blood . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy with symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or breathing problems - your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your blood tests . - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - allergy . symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the area of the body - low levels of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - allergy . symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site . - low blood levels of glucose which can cause a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets shown in blood tests . - if you have symptoms of allergy with symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the area of the body - low levels of some liver enzymes may be seen in blood tests . - if you have symptoms of an infection such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the area of the infusion - these may be signs of a serious condition called ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with fetcroja . - if you have symptoms of pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the area of the form of your treatment . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in tests - increase in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): blindness , numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): confusion , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , dizziness , dizziness , shaking . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) angioedema ( other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , sudden difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , voice alteration ( sinus congestion ) blocked nose , sneezing , headache , pain in the limbs , muscle cramps ( musculoskeletal pain ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat , oral thrush ( signs of candidiasis ). high level of sugar in the blood , muscle spasm , skin rash , rash , abnormal swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ( possible signs of peripheral neuropathy ) blurred vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with vomiting ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects . the most frequently reported side effect of lamivudine_teva is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . other possible side effects of lamivudine_teva : common : stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , pain , headache , stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , increases in enzymes produced in the blood ( enzymes produced by the muscles ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , stop taking lamivudine_teva and talk to your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). other possible side effects of lamivudine_teva are : - stomach ache - nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - pain - headache - stomach pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - increase in liver enzymes ( enzymes in the blood ) - increase in enzymes produced by the liver ( transaminases ) - allergic reaction ( rash ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty swallowing or breathing contact a doctor immediately . these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called muscle_tissue . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a serious condition called " sepsis " ( see section " warnings and precautions "). it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the body . this may be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the following side effects have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking difficulty_in_swallowing and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to breathing_(angioedema . if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - serious allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( anaphylaxis ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking nespo : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits on the deposits where the injection is given . these symptoms are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and occur within a few days after taking this medicine . blurred vision , such as rash , itching , high blood pressure and abnormal liver function tests ( 2 . 2 . palpitations , or a feeling of tear in the middle layer of your eye ( cornea ) have also been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : - low blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( these may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is a decrease in the number of rash ( including itching ). - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abnormal liver function tests ( see section 2 ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itching ( pruritus ) - back pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itching of the skin - back pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - redness of the skin - back pain - this is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - tiredness - tiredness if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - rash , itching rash ( pruritus ) - nail disorder ( conjunctivitis ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - tiredness - shivering - chest pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itching ( pruritus ) - back pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - redness of the skin - back pain - itching - back pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - back pain - this is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - tiredness - tiredness if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - rash , itching rash ( pruritus ) - nail disorder ( conjunctivitis ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - tiredness - shivering - chest pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itching ( pruritus ) - back pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - redness of the skin - back pain - itching - back pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - back pain - this is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - tiredness - tiredness if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - rash , itching rash ( pruritus ) - nail disorders ( conjunctivitis ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - tiredness - shivering - chest pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating ) - rash - night sweats - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itching ( pruritus ) - back pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) - rash - night sweats - nail disorder - itching ( pruritus ) - back pain -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may occur uncommonly ( may skin-reaction up to 1 in 100 people ), skin rash , itching ( darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ), which may be due to nerve damage , pain , swelling , redness , numb or numb , and feeling of numb in the neck , soles of feet ( a feeling of numb or numb ), numb , numb or tingling of hands and soles of your feet , numb , numb or lips , numb , or numb , or sores in your hands or feet . when these symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). talk to your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : side effects : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking cinacalcet_accordpharma : - if you experience allergic reactions ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - breathing difficulties : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( nausea ), vomiting - common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - headache - dizziness , constipation , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , rash , urticaria ( hives ), muscle aches or cramps , back pain or muscle aches or cramps , - convulsions ( seizures ), - convulsions ( fits ), 50 - muscle spasms , muscle aches or back_pain , - convulsions ( seizures ), - convulsions ( fits ), 50 - muscle spasms , muscle aches , back pain , muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of muscle problems ). - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - increased levels of liver enzymes - muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ), - muscle spasms , - abdominal pain , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - increased levels of liver enzymes - muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ), - muscle spasms , - abdominal pain , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - increased levels of liver enzymes - muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ), - muscle spasms , - abdominal pain , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - indigestion , - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle spasms , - muscle aches , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ), - muscle spasms , - abdominal pain , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - indigestion , - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle spasms , - muscle aches , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ), - muscle spasms , - abdominal pain , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - indigestion , - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle spasms , - muscle aches , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ), - muscle spasms , - abdominal pain , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - indigestion , - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle spasms , - muscle aches , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ), - muscle spasms , - abdominal pain , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - increased levels of liver enzymes - muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of muscle problems ). - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - indigestion , - loss of appetite , - muscle aches , back pain , - muscle spasms , - muscle aches , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ), - muscle spasms , - abdominal pain , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - indigestion , - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle spasms , - muscle aches , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( signs of muscle problems ). - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - indigestion , - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle cramps
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately : - rash , hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , vomiting , or any liver problems ( pancreatitis ). these may be signs of a serious condition called pancreatitis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , tiredness , tiredness , stomach rash , your doctor may tell you to take an infection changes your liver enzymes ( bilirubin , triglycerides , triglycerides , bilirubin ). your doctor will test your blood tests for lipase , triglycerides ( bilirubin , bilirubin , bilirubin ) in your blood . symptoms include : rash , sweats , fever , chills , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , or wide fluctuations in your urine . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : weight gain feeling tired ( fatigue ) feeling very tired ( fatigue ) swelling ( oedema ) coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oedema ) headache diarrhoea stomach pain inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling , sometimes of the face and mouth ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . chest pain ( including oedema ) swelling and fluid retention ( oedema ). rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : increase in certain white blood cells ( anaemia ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; generalised swelling ; fainting ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; fainting ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , upper abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) other side effects that have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing or wheezing ; shortness of breath , fainting . this could be a sign of a serious , life - threatening allergic reaction . swelling of the face , lips , throat and / or throat difficulty in breathing or discomfort swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or discomfort swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or discomfort swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat sudden difficulty in breathing or shortness of breath with or without discomfort in the chest swelling of the hands or throat tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , sleepiness , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 dizziness , headache , paleness , dizziness , sleepiness , cough , shortness of breath feeling tired , fluttering or discomfort in the chest , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or swelling of the skin , burning sensation in the hands or mouth , and difficulty in breathing . shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting 28 feeling sick , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain , ringing in the ears , chest_pain cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain , ringing in the ears , chest_pain cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation and vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , - cough , throat irritation - diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - generally feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears - chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , hot flushes ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), nausea , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy nose , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), excess saliva ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sneezing , stuffy nose , inflammation_of_the_lining_of_the_nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hot flushes ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked_or_stuffy_sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hot flushes ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked_or_stuffy_sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hot flushes ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hot flushes ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hot flushes ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hot flushes ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infections ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infections ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infections ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infections ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infections ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infections ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infections ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infections ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache - anxiety - abnormal dreams - amnesia ( memory loss ) - hallucinations - seeing , hearing or hearing things that are not there - confusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - confusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - confusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - weight increase - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( flatulence ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs )* - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited )* - delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known : - after stopping or reducing your mirapexin treatment : hiccups and / or hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs )* - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known : - after stopping or reducing your mirapexin treatment : evaluation of the illness may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( common ), - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - headache - dry mouth - eye irritation - eye redness - increased pressure in the eye - increased sensitivity to light - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash with increased blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to involuntary_or_uncontrolled_movements ). doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . other side effects include : very common : nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness ( sleepiness ) and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness ( sleepiness ) and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness ( sleepiness ) and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness ( sleepiness ) and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives and hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 serious side effects : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye_pain may cause eye pain . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : - constipation - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions contact your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms : hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 side effects : - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - passing water frequent - frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - urinary_retention_dizziness ( a common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - rapid heartbeat ( may be due to a drop in blood pressure ) - urinary_retention_dizziness ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - rapid heartbeat ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - low levels of phosphate in the blood . - urinary_retention_dizziness 29 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat . - dry mouth . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - eye pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , upper abdominal pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : high blood pressure , dizziness , headache , stomach pain , discomfort or burning sensation in the arms or legs , redness , swelling , itching or pain where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract rash . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling , tingling , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , rash , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , back_pain back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , stomach pain , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , decreased mood , altered level of consciousness , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue ( signs of rare side effect ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). confusion decreased feeling or sensitivity , abnormal vision , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also above , " warnings and precautions "). confusion decreased feeling or sensitivity back pain muscle weakness feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also above , " warnings and precautions "). confusion decreased feeling or sensitivity back pain muscle weakness feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also above , " warnings and precautions "). confusion decreased feeling or sensitivity back pain muscle weakness feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also above , " warnings and precautions "). confusion decreased feeling or sensitivity back pain muscle weakness feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also above , " warnings and precautions "). confusion decreased feeling or sensitivity back pain muscle weakness feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( a serious condition which causes a serious muscle condition ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of confusion ) lack of interest , walking back pain muscle weakness feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( a serious condition which causes a serious muscle condition ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of posterior_reversible_encephalopathy_syndrome ) back pain muscle weakness , muscle weakness feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also above , " warnings and precautions "). posterior_reversible_encephalopathy_syndrome may cause a tendency to develop muscle damage , back pain , muscle weakness feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( a serious condition which causes a serious muscle condition ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of posterior_reversible_encephalopathy_syndrome ) such as muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( a serious condition which causes a serious muscle condition ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) lactic acidosis ( a type of muscle damage ) back pain muscle weakness feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( a serious condition which causes a serious muscle condition ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of posterior_reversible_encephalopathy_syndrome ) back pain muscle weakness , muscle weakness feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( a serious condition which causes muscle weakness and muscle weakness ) feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions ").
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include trouble breathing or breathing , dizziness , itching itching ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . difficulty in breathing or breathing , wheezing , itching of the skin or hives ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain or stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach pain - stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy itchy rash ( hives ) - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( runny nose - sneezing ) - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) feeling of pressure ( vertigo ) nausea increase in liver enzymes ( liver function ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) liver problems . liver problems if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
