like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue , fatigue , light - headedness , fainting and other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) increase in the number of some white blood cells ( creatinine ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( anaemia ) frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) nausea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth inflammation of the mouth , lips , mouth , tongue or throat decrease of the number of white blood cells or in the blood ( immunoglobulins ) which help protect against infection . flu - like symptoms symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) white_blood_cells . flu - like symptoms symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( urticaria ), severe rash , fatigue , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue , light - headedness or fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fatigue - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) - increase in creatinine ( creatinine ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - dry mouth - ulcers of the mouth - ulcers of the mouth - a sore mouth - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - dehydration - flu - like symptoms symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , caused by a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( seen in tests ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood , - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes or yellow blood cells - inflammation of the lung ( signs include rash , yellowing of the skin , skin peeling , hives , urticaria ) - symptoms of fatigue , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue , light - headedness , or fainting . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fatigue - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) - increase in creatinine uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - dry mouth - ulcers of the mouth - ulcers of the mouth - a sore mouth - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - dehydration - flu - like symptoms - symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , caused by a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( seen in tests ) - decreases in the number of white blood cells or platelets ( seen in blood tests ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening liver problem . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening liver problem . liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) urine , depression , anxiety , paleness these side effects may be signs of liver problems and may be life - threatening and lead to death . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) upper respiratory tract infection ( including bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose , runny nose , nasopharyngitis ( rhinitis ), lymphadenopathy ( paleness ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset liver ( liver enzymes ), liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) liver enzymes ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in the blood 42 these side effects may be signs of liver problems ( will show up in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) a liver function test results common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) cold sores ( such as bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , nasopharyngitis ( rhinitis ), lymphadenopathy , paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset stomach increase in liver enzymes ( liver enzymes , seen in blood tests ) liver enzymes ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in the blood 42 these side effects may be signs of liver problems ( will show up in blood tests ) liver problems ( will show up in blood tests ) is a sign of liver problems ( will show up in blood tests ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( low level of red blood cells ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) bronchitis upper respiratory tract infection , such as sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , rhinitis ) lymphadenopathy ( paleness ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset stomach increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) 42 these side effects may be signs of liver problems ( will show up in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) a liver function test results common side effects ( may affect up to blood_tests in 10 people ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) liver function test results showing decreased levels of white blood cells ( sarcoidosis ) liver doesn ' t function as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( low level of red blood cells ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , rhinitis , lymphadenopathy , paleness ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset stomach increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes 42 if you get any side effects → see your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : swelling ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you get any of the following symptoms or symptoms , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you get symptoms like swelling , swelling of your face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling short of breath or feeling sick ( nausea ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting_constipation ( flatulence ) - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - rash - increased liver enzymes - stomach pain - feeling dizzy - sweating - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given such as itching or feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain or muscle spasms , injection site pain , redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . itching ( feeling sick ) and being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , muscle spasms , injection site pain , redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . headache ( feeling sick ) and being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , muscle spasms , injection site pain , redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . headache ( feeling sick ) and being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , muscle spasms , injection site reactions , such as redness , itching , bruising or swelling at the injection site . if you get any of the above or the following side effects , as these may be seen as follows : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or a burning sensation where the injection is given . headache feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ) stomach pain ( muscle spasms ) injection site reactions : injection site pain , redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . these reactions usually disappear within a few days without a few weeks . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions as a hypersensitivity reaction . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . allergic reactions leading to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . skin reactions ( urticaria , hives ). the side effects listed below have occurred with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . these side effects may occur with pumarix . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells ( mostly in elderly ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of your blood vessels ( encephalomyelitis ). this can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). symptoms may include itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or itching . the most frequently reported side effects are symptoms of itching , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swelling ( itching ) or itching at the injection site . if this happens to you , tell your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by afinitor are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): signs of infections such as pain , bruising , low_level_of_platelets , low_level_of_platelets , weakness or breathlessness in any part of your body ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or coughing up blood serious allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) itching and loss of appetite dark urine rash with or without yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) itching of the skin with or without a rash or raised bumps some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects include : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , as these may indicate infections of the mucous membranes ( e . g . fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers ), which may cause unexpected bruising or bumps on your skin ( such as loss of appetite or nausea ). these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , as these may indicate infections of the mucous membranes ( e . g . fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers ) - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects include : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , infections of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ), - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , as these may indicate infections of the mucous membranes ( e . g . fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers ), which may lead to infections - liver disorders , which may be fatal , - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), - loss of appetite , dark urine or fever , - jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or eyes ), - loss of appetite , dark urine or fever , - jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the skin or eyes ), - loss of appetite , dark urine or fever , - jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the skin or eyes ), - loss of appetite , - nausea , these side effects are usually mild or moderate . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including extreme bruising , bruising , low_level_of_platelets , or low_level_of_platelets ( blood poisoning ) - weakness , breathlessness or blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) - reduced blood pressure in the back of the lungs - chest pain and difficulty breathing - severe allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - skin rash with a dry rash or raised bumps some side effects could be serious . - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , infections of the skin and / or a general feeling of being ill , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of a lung problem ) - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low levels of white blood cells ) - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) - chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) - chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) - chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low levels of white blood cells ) - weight loss - general feeling of being unwell - weight loss - dry skin - tiredness - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - loss of appetite and nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using laventair_ellipta : if you develop tightness of the chest , wheezing , breathlessness or immediately stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . serious infection ( pneumonia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) other problems with your heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) irregular or rapid heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blurred vision increase in the amount of sugar in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) glaucoma ( difficulty in breathing ) when passing urine ( urinary retention ) glaucoma ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic ( allergic ) reactions , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious . these side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): tiredness , infection , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , tiredness 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , bruising , swelling of the legs , arms or legs , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bruising , discolouration of the skin , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , bruising , swelling of the arms , legs , arms or legs , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bruising or discolouration of the skin , low blood pressure , nose bleeds uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , bruising , swelling of the arms , legs , arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin ( flushing ), fluid retention , nose bleeds uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , faster heartbeat , bruising , fluid retention , bruising , extreme weakness or pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in extremity ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , pain in extremity ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , pain in extremity ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia) ), muscle pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) irregular or rapid heart beat feeling of burning in the arms and / or legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause irritation or irritation in the area around the mouth feeling of pressure or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local itching ( pruritus ) feeling of pressure in the throat feeling of pressure in the stomach or intestine stomach discomfort or discomfort discomfort in the stomach or intestine reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness ; sensation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). - difficulty in sleeping , trembling , headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection , fever , general weakness , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , nightmare , nightmare , disorientation , loss of consciousness , changes in vision , deafness , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including taste disturbance . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood levels of some liver enzymes , decrease in blood platelets , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased tendency to bleed , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the lungs , reduced sense of touch or sensation in the mouth , serious allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , throat irritation , thirst , fever , collection of fluid in the abdomen , pain and discomfort , increased blood pressure , weight gain , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in blood platelets , decrease in blood platelets , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased tendency to bleed , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the lung , fluid around the heart , increase in blood pressure , 36 - up of fluid around the heart , sudden increase in blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , throat infection , thirst , fever , collection of fluid in the abdomen , pain and discomfort , increased blood pressure , weight gain , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in blood platelets , decrease in blood potassium , increase in blood sugar , increase in blood sugar , white_blood_cells mellitus , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , blindness , blindness , deafness , deafness disturbances in rapid or irregular heartbeat , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be associated with intestinal or rectal disorders ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , thirst , fever ), collection of fluid around the heart , fluid in the lungs , fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ), 36 - fluid in the lungs , fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ), fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ) or severe upper stomach pain , thirst , fever , collection of fluid in the abdomen , pain and discomfort , increased blood pressure , weight gain , increased sweating , feeling hot . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in blood platelets , decrease in blood potassium , increase in blood sugar , increase in blood sugar , increase in blood sugar , deafness , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , blindness , blindness , deafness , deafness disturbances in rapid or irregular heartbeat , abnormal sensation in the mouth , inflammation of the large bowel , serious allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , throat infection , thirst , fever , collection of fluid in the abdomen , swelling and discomfort , increase in blood pressure , weight gain , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in blood platelets , decrease in blood sugar , increase in blood sugar , increase in blood sugar , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased tendency to bleed , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the brain , fluid around the heart , increase in blood pressure , 36 - up of fluid around the heart , fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ), severe allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , thirst , fever , flu like illness , pain and discomfort , increase in blood pressure , weight gain , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in blood platelets , decrease in blood potassium , increase in blood sugar , increase in blood sugar , dehydration , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , blindness , blindness , deafness , inflammation of the brain , obstruction of the brain , fluid around the lung , 36
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_zentiva ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; high blood pressure ; redness of the skin ; joint pain ; blood in the urine . in a small number of cases ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or nurse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ) - if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of immunogam are mild to moderate . in general , the side effects are generally mild to moderate and will generally disappear within a few days to a few weeks . if your side effects gets severe , or if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what refludan is and what it is used for 2 . before you are given xigris 3 . how xigris is used 4 . possible side effects in adults and adolescents of 7 to 7 years of age or less are similar to those observed in adults . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - hives , rash , swelling around the face , face or throat , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or shortness of breath , fatigue , sudden drop in blood pressure and wheezing , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . allergic reactions such as hives and rash have been reported with other side effects . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blistering and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , eyes , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop taking rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms of the following side effects : 24 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , joint pain ( myalgia ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), - abdominal ( belly ) pain , dry mouth , constipation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal level of some blood cells , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the arms or legs , loss of consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) - mouth sores ( oral candidiasis ) - skin irritation ( dermatitis ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - pain in limbs ( arms or legs ), numbness or numbness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache , constipation , constipation , - decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), - muscle cramps , - dry mouth , - constipation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal blood test results that may cause hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or numbness of the arms or legs , loss of consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the throat ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the throat ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - skin irritation ( dermatitis ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - painful joints ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased weight - decreased weight - weight decreased , - headache , constipation , constipation , - decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), - muscle cramps , - back pain , - constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal blood test results that may cause hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or numbness of the arms or legs , loss of consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the throat ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) - skin irritation ( dermatitis ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain , pain in limbs ( arms or legs ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - weight decreased - increased appetite - headache , constipation - constipation , - decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus inflammation , pneumonia ); abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; nausea ; abdominal pain ; indigestion or bloating ; passing gas ; stomach pain ; inflammation of the liver ; symptoms include itching , swelling , pain , redness or bleeding ; signs include blood in the urine ; unusual bleeding from blood vessels ; blood in the urine ; blood in the urine ; fluid in the lungs ∑ fluid in the lungs ∑ sarcoidosis ( inflammation of blood vessels ); sinus inflammation ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ∑ urinary tract pneumonia ∑ urinary tract infection ∑ urinary tract pneumonia ∑ respiratory tract infection ; urinary tract pneumonia ; pneumonia ; asthma ; skin infection ; itchy skin ; elevated liver enzymes ; abnormal liver function ; night sweats ; hair loss ; itchy skin ; elevated liver enzymes ; abnormal liver function tests ; night sweats ; hair loss ; elevated liver enzymes ; itchy skin ; eczema ; elevated liver enzymes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience inflammation or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , insomnia , constipation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , passing_wind , constipation , drug reactions , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . these could be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , wind , constipation , drug reactions , such as muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . these could be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , stomach pain , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , passing_wind , belching , liver function tests abnormalities in some patients treated with this medicine . allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or / or throat , muscle aches , spasms , muscle twitching , spasms , spasms , or abnormal liver function test , increased blood pressure , changes in blood chemistry , changes in blood chemistry , calcium , calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , low blood levels of clot , calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium or calcium in the blood high level of sugar in the blood , low level of calcium in your blood , low level of clot , calcium , sodium , sodium , sodium , sodium and sodium in the blood high level of sugar in the blood , low level of calcium in your blood , low level of clot , calcium , sodium and sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in your blood , low level of sodium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in your blood , low level of sodium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in your blood , low level of sodium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in your blood , low level of sodium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in your blood , low level of sodium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in your blood , low level of sodium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in the blood , sodium
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or seizure ( signs of heart problems ) such as chest discomfort or chest pain . these may be signs of a heart attack or develop . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , feeling tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss and decreased appetite . - weight loss and decreased appetite . - weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems such as shortness of breath , chest pain and chest pain . - blood clots in your lungs and / or lungs . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show : - fever - flu - like symptoms such as sore throat or nasal congestion . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . exercise less than usual . possible side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - passing gas ( fatigue ) - back pain - frequent urination - loss of weight common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - abnormal blood pressure - abnormal heart rate - increased sensitivity to light - abnormal sensation in the eye - itching , redness , swelling or inflammation reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . stop taking forxiga and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your your_penis_or_vagina with or without thrush ( see also section 2 " take special care with forxiga "). increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling dizzy or tired ( especially in the shaking , shaking , shaking , shaking , chills or dizziness ) a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with miglustat dipharma or stop your treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your blood sugar more often . shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious or fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision your doctor or a change in your sense of taste . feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar : such as shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or other changes in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar : common : sweating , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or other changes in your vision . feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar : common : sweating , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or other changes in your vision . feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar : such as shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or other changes in your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , muscle spasms or stiffness ( signs of low level of calcium in the blood , which may cause fatigue and frequent urination ), weight loss , weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , muscle spasms or stiffness ( signs of low level of white blood cells ). fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking or burning , burning , painful or painful joints , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , increased number of a type of white blood cells , fever , chills , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking or burning of the skin , infection , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , sensation of rapid or irregular heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , sensation of rapid or irregular heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , sensation of rapid or irregular heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , sensation of rapid or irregular heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking or burning ( signs of a skin infection ) - fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking or burning ( signs of a skin infection ), - fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , inability to pass urine at night , pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , flushing , skin_rash skin rash , acne or discomfort . allergic reactions ( symptoms may include inflammation of the skin , inflammation of the skin , inflammation of the skin , acne and acne ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic - type reactions . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause symptoms of urticaria . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) acne , skin reactions , including acne and acne . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction with rash and acne - like symptoms including symptoms such as inflammation of the mouth , tongue or throat and urticaria ( itchy rash ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction with rash and acne - like symptoms including symptoms such as inflammation of the skin and mucous membranes ( exfoliative dermatitis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction with rash and acne - like symptoms including symptoms such as acne , skin pain , discomfort , swelling and / or swelling of the palms of the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may cause symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may include symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may cause symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may cause symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may cause symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may include symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may include symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may include symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may include symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , acne or skin rash , which may include symptoms of inflammation or inflammation , such as pain , swelling or redness of the skin , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and may cause urticaria , inflammation of the mucous membranes , acne , skin pain , discomfort , swelling or redness of the skin ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding_in_the_lungs ) - passing blood in the urine - lung inflammation ( signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) - chest pain , shortness of breath - fatigue - confusion - these side effects can be severe and could be life - threatening . - if you notice any of these serious side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following or a severe allergic reaction , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - eye pain ( including blurred vision ) - blood in the urine ( urine ) - increase in an enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase in the blood ( found in blood clotting ) - rapid heart rate - chest pain - chills - shivering - swelling of the face and / or throat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe allergic reaction which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure ( heart attack ) - chest pain ( heart attack ) - chest pain - low blood pressure - chest pain - chills - shivering - swelling of the face and / or throat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe allergic reaction which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure ( heart attack ) - chest pain ( heart attack ) - chest pain - low blood pressure - chest_pain - chest pain - thirst - shivering - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe allergic reaction which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure ( heart attack ) - chest pain ( heart attack ) - chest pain - low blood pressure - chest pain - thirst - shivering - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ) or being_sick_(vomiting) these side effects may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . this may include a sudden drop in blood pressure and heart attack - chest pain - heart attack - low blood pressure - thirst - shivering - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure and heart attack - chest pain - heart attack - low blood pressure - thirst - shivering - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe allergic reaction which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure ( heart problems ) - chest pain ( heart attack ) - chest pain - low blood pressure - thirst - shivering - swelling of the face and throat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure and heart attack - chest pain - heart attack - low blood pressure - thirst - shivering - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe allergic reaction which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure ( heart problems ) - chest pain ( heart attack ) - chest pain - low blood pressure - thirst - shivering - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - serious allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop : fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be symptoms of a drop in the number of white blood cells , which can cause symptoms such as difficulty breathing , breathlessness , irregular heartbeat , clouding of the heart , confusion , disorientation , decreased consciousness , or severe breathing problems , which may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing or breathlessness , loss of consciousness , which may be delirium , confusion , disorientation , decreased consciousness , delirium , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke or sudden decrease in blood pressure , which may make you feel lightheadedness , confusion or disorientation , decreased consciousness , rapid heartbeat , thoughts of confusion , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke or sudden decrease in blood pressure , which may make you feel lightheadedness , confusion or disorientation , decreased consciousness , rapid heartbeat , thoughts of confusion , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , loss of consciousness , hallucination , difficulty with speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a mental change or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke or sudden decrease in blood pressure , which may make you feel lightheadedness or have a quickened heartbeat o lightheadedness or confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of delirium , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke or sudden decrease in blood pressure , which may make you feel lightheadedness or have a quickened heartbeat o lightheadedness or confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of delirium , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke or sudden decrease in blood pressure , which may make you feel lightheadedness or have a quickened heartbeat o lightheadedness or confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of delirium or loss of consciousness , stop taking arrhythmia and contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your body . signs include : fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you get skin rash or any other signs of an infection such as : fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you develop skin rash or any other signs of an infection such as : fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you get skin rash or any other signs of an infection such as : fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you get skin rash or any other signs of an infection such as : fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you get skin rash or any other signs of an infection such as : fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you get skin rash or any other signs of an infection such as : fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be signs of skin_rash . skin rash tell your doctor immediately
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a serious allergic reaction ( hives , itching , rash , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away if you have any of the following or a severe allergic reaction to januvia , or a different medicine to your diabetes , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with sitagliptin in combination with januvia ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache increased sweating uncommon : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin and a sulphonylurea : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone in clinical studies , or during post - approval use alone and / or with other diabetes medicines : common : flu - like illness ( e . g . flu - like illness , pain in extremity ) 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone in clinical studies , or during post - approval use alone and / or with other diabetes medicines : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : flu - like illness ( urticaria ) 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone in clinical studies , or during post - approval use alone and / or with other diabetes medicines : common : flu - like illness ( e . g . flu and adolescents ) 64 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach ache and / or stomach ache when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and / or other nicotinic acid products : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth and headache when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in the hands and feet , joint pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone in clinical studies , or during post - approval use alone and / or with other diabetes medicines : common : flu - like illness ( e . g . flu - like illness , pain in extremity ) 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone in clinical studies , or during post - approval use alone and / or with other diabetes medicines : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : flu - like illness ( urticaria ) 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone in clinical studies , or during post - approval use
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your heart disease . stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - you may need urgent medical attention : uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - bleeding : - in your brain or blood in your spit when getting your urine or blood in your spit if you have any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - hives ( rash ), - itching all over the body , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , bloating , feeling weak or tired , feeling tired or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling tired or tired , - feeling tired or tired , - feeling tired or tired , - feeling tired or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak or tired , - feeling weak , - feeling like you are unable to sit or stand still , difficulty concentrating , increased blood pressure , lipase and amylase - a amylase feeling in your chest , high blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood sugar - low blood sugar - low blood sugar - low blood sugar - low blood sugar - low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar - low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - 44 - low blood sugar , 44 - low blood sugar , 44 - low blood sugar , 44 - low blood sugar ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you experience inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) which may be severe or life - threatening ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with fever and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or fever contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain , swelling , redness or itching of the skin may occur . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with giotrif . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - lung infection - severe diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - indigestion or diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching , redness or swelling ( conjunctivitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash , itching , dry skin - rash - muscle spasms - back pain - back pain - pain , swelling , redness , itching and / or swelling ( conjunctivitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash , itching , dry skin - rash - muscle spasms - back pain - back pain - pain , swelling , redness , itching or fever - respiratory tract infection - low blood sugar uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the occurrence of reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough and rash . the side effects described below have been observed with orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - dizziness - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - abdominal pain ( stomach pain ) - stomach pain ( including stomach pain ) - nausea - loss of appetite - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear pain ) - ear pain - side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - liver failure if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lynparza and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) if you experience any symptoms of symptoms such as rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , itchy rash or hives . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - throwing up ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - loss of appetite - rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - blood tests may show a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low number of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling and / or swelling . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , feeling light - headed , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , and itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , redness , and swelling ). these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating , and itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , loose stools , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , loose stools , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , loose stools , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . the symptoms can include : rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , pale skin , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , loose stools , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , loose stools , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , loose stools , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions , such as pain , bruising , redness , swelling or irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . in a small number of cases , these may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , redness , swelling or irritation ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . in a small number of cases , these may be mild to moderate . a small number of patients have developed a small reduction in the numbers of red and red blood cells ( see section 2 ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately skin rash . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . in a small number of cases , these may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately skin rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . in a small number of cases , these may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately skin rash . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , mouth , tongue and / or throat , decreased blood pressure , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low blood platelet count . severe allergic reactions ( ohss , chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or stroke ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in in_10_people , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or stroke . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in in_10_people , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease ). ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness and stroke . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease ). ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness and stroke . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease ). ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness and stroke . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease ). ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness and stroke . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease ). ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness and stroke . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease ). ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects stop taking voriconazole_accord and seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - disorder of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( including herpes zoster ) - itchy or purple spots under the skin - itchy or purple spots under the skin - red or purple spots under the skin - red or purple spots under the skin - red or purple spots under the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe dizziness with or without a rash - red spots on the skin - red or purple spots under the skin - severe swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( including small red spots on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps ) - the following side effects have been reported with voriconazole frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash , hives , redness of the skin , reddening of the skin , - dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , - urinary tract infection , - elevated levels of some types of white blood cells called voriconazole in blood tests - disorder of the blood - decrease in the number of certain types of white blood cells - low number of all types of white blood cells - fever , chills , weakness , dizziness , confusion , confusion , numbness , tingling , abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs , changes in sense of taste - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation - indigestion , indigestion - increased liver enzymes - hair loss , - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver , which may be severe or life - threatening allergic reactions , which may include chest pain or deterioration in breathing , swelling or low number of a type of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) - swelling , chills , weakness , dizziness , confusion , confusion , numbness , tingling , abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs , changes in the sense of taste , dizziness , sleepiness , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation - indigestion , indigestion - increased liver enzymes - hair loss , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver , which may be severe or life - threatening allergic reactions , which may include chest pain or deterioration in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face and throat - swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling ( angioedema ) - blood tests may show : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face and throat - blood in the urine - swelling of the face and throat - chest pain - swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face and throat - swelling of the face and throat - swelling of the eyelid and other parts of the body - swelling of the face and throat - swelling of the eyelid and other parts of the body - the following side effects have been reported with voriconazole frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash , hives , redness of the skin , reddening of the skin , reddening of the skin , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation - urinary tract infection - elevated levels of some types of white blood cells called voriconazole in patients with voriconazole that you have
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , and pain where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection was given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , pain and redness at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : heart problems ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ) high level of bilirubin in the blood high level of calcium in the blood high level of calcium in the blood high level of calcium in the blood high level of bilirubin in your blood high level of bilirubin in your blood high level of calcium in your blood high level of calcium in your blood high level of calcium in your blood high level of bilirubin in your blood pain or swelling at the injection site itching at the injection site itching at the injection site itching at the injection site itching at the injection site itching at the injection site itching at the injection site itching at the site of injection swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . you may have early signs of severe jaw problems ( necrosis ( dead bone tissue ) in the jaw bone ). itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . severe allergic reactions ( frequency not known ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see a doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can be life threatening and cause breathlessness , and blurred vision ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems : severe allergic reaction that may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause breathlessness or drop in blood pressure . this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people . these are signs of a serious allergic reaction . the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( see also in section " warnings and precautions "): viruses or breathlessness blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( see also in section " warnings and precautions "): viruses or breathlessness blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( see also in section " warnings and precautions "): viruses or breathlessness blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). urinary tract infections ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs of which may include blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : wheezing or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised , raised patches in your mouth or throat ( common ) symptoms of infection of the lung or lung ( interstitial lung disease ) fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised , raised patches in your mouth or throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( thrush ) runny or blocked nose fungal infections of the nose or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( thrush ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( cellulitis ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( thrush ) joint pain back pain constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( fractures ) breast enlargement in males ( rhabdomyolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported in patients treated with zinforo . if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , stop taking zinforo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : itching , hives , swelling , pain , swelling , irritation , bleeding or bruising . these usually disappear after a few weeks of treatment . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the injection site feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain or diarrhoea . being sick ( vomiting ) itching , hives , swelling or pain where the injection is given . a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) which are important in fighting infection ( neutropenia ) and / or leucopenia ( may show up in blood tests ) low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) seen in blood tests increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) seen in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of some liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) shown in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) shown in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called neutropenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a marked increase in the number of some white blood cells
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions to pregabalin_pfizer are rare and hypersensitivity ( may affect up to 1 in pregabalin_pfizer people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of pregabalin_pfizer , it is important that you contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ). hypersensitivity reactions ( hypersensitivity ) include : swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be fatal ), increased blood pressure , convulsions , changes in heart rhythm , changes in breast colour , breast enlargement , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse fluid retention , back pain , neck pain , neck pain , incontinence . weakness , thirst , chest tightness . changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropaenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ). hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and serious allergic reactions including difficulty in breathing or swallowing . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . fluid in the lungs . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal : - levodopa ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness - headache - cough - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting , wind - constipation - dry mouth - wind - diarrhoea - weight loss - night sweats - back pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( such as heart attack , breathing , breathing or chest tightness ) and these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). stop taking prednisolone and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). stop taking prednisolone and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). you should see your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious allergic reactions ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience rash or blood loss of skin over your face , mouth , tongue or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). you should see your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : rash or blood blood sugar problems such as arrhythmia or palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , arrhythmia , palpitations ) rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , arrhythmia , palpitations ) rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , arrhythmia , palpitations ) rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of heart problems : shock , chest pain or swallowing , shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure with symptoms such as infection or fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired or coughing . symptoms of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your skin . signs of low blood counts such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal ( belly ) pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; stomach ( abdominal ) pain ; indigestion or bloating ; passing gas ; passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) ; infection of the blood ( sepsis ) ; unusual_infections ; chest pain ; swallowing ; shortness of breath ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; skin rash ; indigestion ; bloating ; passing gas ; acid reflux ( dysgeusia ); mouth ulcers ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling ( oedema ); low blood platelets which can result in bleeding or bruising ; feeling jittery . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung caused by the body ' s own immune system ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased breakdown of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart problems : shock , chest pain or swallowing , shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or pneumonia ( signs of pneumonia ); fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning sensation , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; symptoms of nerve problems such as bleeding , bruising or bruising ; decreased number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ). pale skin ; bleeding from the gums ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung caused by the body ' s own immune system ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased breakdown of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart problems : shock , chest pain or swallowing , shortness of breath without exercise , breathing that becomes shallow , difficult or stops , wheezing upon standing , disturbance in attention , problems with speech , dry mouth , dry skin , itching , itchy skin , bruising or swelling ( oedema ). low blood platelets which can result in bleeding or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and itching ( oedema ); respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal distension ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; stomach ( abdominal ) pain ; indigestion ; bloating ; passing gas ; passing more urine than usual or needing to urinate more often ; fever ; reduction in blood bleeding which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ; including blood clots in the blood vessels that can cause heart_failure or bruising ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal distension ; headache ; nausea ; vomiting ; rash ; skin rash ; indigestion ; bloating ; passing gas ; passing more urine than normal or feeling more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop allergic reactions to the infusion , which may be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . the following reactions have been reported with ritemvia . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , chills , shivering , or irritation . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have had a reaction at the infusion site ( such as infusion - site reactions , infusion - related reactions ) may occur . these reactions are more likely to happen after an infusion . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your infusion rate . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash or blistering of the skin - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - bronchitis , - fever and / or blood in your vomit , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have pain , pain in the upper right side of your chest , as these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), dizziness , feeling restless , weak or dizzy . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . dizziness , if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . dizziness or fainting are more likely to occur during the use of silodosin_recordati . if you are not sure , you should seek immediate medical advice . dizziness and fainting are more likely to occur during the use of silodosin_recordati . if you are not sure what the side effects below are , ask your doctor to explain them to you . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling restless , weak or dizzy . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . if you do not feel better , you should seek immediate medical advice . dizziness and fainting are more likely to occur if you are not sure , you should seek immediate medical advice . dizziness and fainting are more likely to occur during the use of silodosin_recordati . if you are not sure , you should seek immediate medical advice . dizziness and fainting are more likely to occur during the use of silodosin_recordati . if you are not sure what you are taking this medicine , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please inform your doctor or your pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono : common ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): angioedema ( low number of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin or eyes ); rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); localised swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible serious side effects of kinzalmono : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): angioedema ; low blood pressure . severe skin reactions ( including blood poisoning and toxic epidermal necrolysis ); swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): angioedema ( low number of white blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin or eyes ); rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); localised swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); localised swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): angioedema ( low blood pressure , which may make you feel a_severe_infection or very high blood sugar levels ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): angioedema ( low number of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin or eyes ); rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); localised swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); localised swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): angioedema ( low blood pressure , which may make you more prone to severe or life - threatening ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) high blood pressure rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reactions ( angioedema , anaphylactic reaction [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ]); decreased blood sodium concentration . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): angioedema ( low number of white blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin or eyes and eyes ) serious allergic reactions which may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : angioedema ( low blood sugar which can make you more prone to vision ) or life - threatening reaction , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or loss of vision - altered blood flow to parts of the liver . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - some of the side effects you may experience may be due to this combination . - if you experience any of the above symptoms : → tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the effects listed above . - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives , allergic reaction with symptoms such as tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , chills , hives or low blood pressure . dizziness may cause dizziness or hives , low blood pressure , dizziness at the beginning of treatment with this medicine . in addition , the above may increase the risk of severe allergic reaction and may include : hives ( urticaria ), low blood pressure , dizziness , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - shivering , - severe bleeding , - dizziness , - nausea , vomiting , - difficulty speaking , - severe bleeding , - dizziness , - nausea , vomiting , - difficulty speaking , - severe bleeding , - dizziness , nausea , vomiting , - difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , seizures , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , difficulty speaking , difficulty speaking , difficulty speaking or understanding others , or shortness of breath , which may be due to a change in blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid or irregular heartbeat , rapid pulse ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : rashes , hives , swelling of the face , throat or throat . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or blurred vision , eye pain or nitrates , light - headedness , a feeling of fullness in your hands or feet . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain or nitrates , headache low blood pressure , high blood pressure , allergic reactions such as rashes and swelling of the hands , feet , feeling sick ( being sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , heart attack and stroke . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives , rashes , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives or hives ( signs of allergic reactions ). - rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face and throat . - serious allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face and throat . - serious allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , such as rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , - rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , - rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , - rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , - rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , - rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , - rashes , hives , hives , swelling of the face or throat . - severe allergic reactions , - rashes and hives , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - serious skin reactions , including rashes and hives , blisters of the skin . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects that have been reported are listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : swelling or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reactions at the injection site ( e . g . swelling or swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick , nausea and diarrhoea ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may do regular blood tests to check your liver function ( hypersensitivity ). other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infusion site reactions ( for example , swelling , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick , nausea and diarrhoea ) stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in the blood ( known as hypersensitivity ) other side effects 31 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , pain , back or back pain , back pain , joint pain , tiredness , decreased consciousness , rapid pulse , fever , infection , bacteria , nosebleeds , shivering , abdominal pain , blood in your stool , pain or easy loss of consciousness . these signs may be signs of pneumonia such as blood in your urine or blood in your stool . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat pain or easy bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . signs of a dehydration may include difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , itching or rash . this could be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of red blood cells or in the blood ( seen in tests ) indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain hair loss urticaria ( urticaria ) rash ( pruritus ) low level of white blood cells called platelets low level of platelets ( phosphorus , uric_acid ) changes in blood test results that may show changes in the way the kidney is working low level of potassium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , runny nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , vomiting , skin_rash skin rash , hair_colour_change ( loss of appetite ), joint pain , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye irritation , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , nose bleed , abnormal sense of taste , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , itchiness , itchy skin , itchiness , hives , skin discolouration , skin discolouration , hives , generalised itching , stinging , generalised skin disorder , nail disorder , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss abnormal hair texture . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye pain , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , skin discolouration , abnormal hair texture , itchy skin sensation , itchiness , hives , skin discolouration , skin discolouration , hives , generalised redness or stinging , sensation of stinging , burning sensation , increased sensitivity to touch , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of skin to sun , skin redness , abnormal hair texture , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss hair loss , hair loss hair increase , increase in hair , protein in the urine , protein in the urine , increase in hair growth , change in back colour , pain in extremity , swollen glands in the neck , neck , back , back , stomach , feet , or joints . symptoms of symptoms include heavy and persistent pain when passing urine . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , inability to get or maintain an erection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye pain , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , increased blood pressure , inability to achieve or maintain an erection , hot flushes or other flu - like illness , redness of the skin , itchiness , hives , skin inflammation , skin discolouration , hives , generalised redness or stinging , sensation of stinging , burning sensation , increased sensitivity to touch , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of skin to sunlight , skin discolouration , abnormal hair texture , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss hair increase , increase in hair , protein in the urine , increase
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - pain , redness or swelling of the body , allergic shock , shortness of breath , cough , dry mouth , swollen mouth , tongue or throat , or palpitations ( palpitations ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - nose bleed - sore throat - mouth ulcers - fever - chills - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - heartburn - diarrhoea - constipation - rash rash - changes in the way things taste . - increased body temperature . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - bone pain - discomfort - weight decreased - weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - decreased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blurred vision - dizziness - decreased feeling or sensitivity , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - fast heart beat ( hypoaesthesia ) - indigestion , heartburn , constipation - weight increased - weight decrease - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - back pain - increased blood pressure - back pain - increased heart rate - increased heart rate - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness due to fluid retention ( arthralgia ) - back pain - bone pain - discomfort - weight decreased - weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness - decreased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blurred vision - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - vertigo - a change in the way things taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - fast heart beat ( hypoaesthesia ) - indigestion , heartburn - constipation - weight loss - increased appetite - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - abnormal heart rhythm - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness due to fluid retention ( arthralgia ) - blurred vision - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - indigestion , heartburn - constipation - weight increased - increased appetite - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - increased heart rate uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness due to fluid retention ( arthralgia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - dizziness - decreased feeling or sensitivity , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - fast heart beat ( hypoaesthesia ) - indigestion , heartburn - constipation - weight loss - increased appetite - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - increased heart rate . - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness due to fluid retention ( arthralgia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - dizziness - decreased feeling or sensitivity , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - fast heart beat ( hypoaesthesia ) - indigestion , heartburn - constipation - weight loss - increased appetite - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - increased heart rate - blood in the urine uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness due to fluid retention ( arthralgia ) - blurred vision - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - indigestion , heartburn - constipation - weight increased - increased appetite - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - increased heart rate . - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness due to fluid retention ( arthralgia ) - blurred vision - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - disturbance of the sense of taste - hypoaesthesia ( indigestion , heartburn , constipation ) - weight increased - increased appetite - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - muscle spasm - back pain - increased heart rate uncommon ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd with copd . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells in your blood ( copd ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle twitching - muscle stiffness - other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle twitching - muscle twitching . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - additional_side_effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle twitching - muscle stiffness - other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle twitching - muscle stiffness - other side effects with adasuve : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle twitching - muscle stiffness - other side effects with adasuve : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle twitching - muscle stiffness - other side effects with adasuve : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle twitching - muscle twitching - this is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle stiffness - muscle twitching - this is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - additional_side_effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - decreased blood pressure - confusion - shortness of breath - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - faintness - muscle twitching - muscle stiffness - other side effects in children and adolescents very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle twitching - muscle twitching - other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - fever - muscle twitching - muscle twitching - this is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a low blood pressure which may make you feel confusion or light - headedness - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - additional_side_effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - decreased blood pressure - confusion - shortness of breath - blurred vision - increased blood pressure - increased blood pressure - faintness - muscle twitching - muscle stiffness - other side effects in children and adolescents
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , pain , back or back pain , back pain , joint pain , tiredness , decreased consciousness , rapid pulse , fever , infection , bacteria , nosebleeds , shivering , abdominal pain , blood in your stool , pain or loss of consciousness these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( a rare side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of infections such as tired , headache , dizziness , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , constipation , elevated level of some liver enzymes ( urticaria ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased secretion of hormones in the body ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue and / or throat ), heartbeat , irregular heartbeats ( hypertension ), rapid heart rate , injection site redness , redness and rash have been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine alteration in taste ( dysgeusia ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) throat irritation 34 dizziness 34 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of worsening_of_aches or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction - fever , chills , fatigue , confusion , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , - respiratory tract infections , - these may be signs of a serious condition called osteonecrosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . in general , these may be signs of a very serious condition called osteonecrosis . - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : - if you experience low blood pressure , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience low blood pressure and if you experience high blood pressure , or if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills or fatigue ( common ). - if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , fever , chills or fatigue ( signs of confusion , drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , as these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience low blood pressure or high blood pressure and new or worsening of heart failure , as these may be signs of a serious condition called osteonecrosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature it may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and / or blood tests . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , feeling tired or having stomach pain , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decreased appetite feeling somnolence ( somnolence ), headache , stomach discomfort , constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , skin_rash , skin rash , back pain , hair loss , acne , decreased or decreased urine production , change in bowel habit 29 29 - up of fluid around the bowel , 29 - up of fluid in the bowel , pain in the arms or legs , back pain , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , acne , hair loss , hair loss , acne , hair loss , hair loss , acne , hair loss , hair loss , acne , decreased number of white blood cells or white blood cells , and a type of white blood cell which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening problem . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms after you have an allergic reaction , which may include : swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( rhabdomyolysis ) which may be signs of an allergic reaction . these may be signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in patients taking varuby . the following side effects have been observed with varuby : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal levels of some liver enzymes - diarrhoea - indigestion - 29 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - decreased appetite - somnolence ( somnolence ) - headache - stomach pain - constipation - diarrhoea - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal or abnormal blood tests in the urine - decrease in the number of platelets in the blood - loss of appetite - back pain - hair loss - hair loss - acne - abnormal or decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal or decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal or decreased appetite - dry mouth - hair loss - hair loss - acne - abnormal or decreased appetite - dry mouth - hair loss - acne - abnormal or decreased appetite - dry mouth - hair loss - hair loss - acne - abnormal or decreased appetite - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which may make you more prone to a severe decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) - a reaction which may cause a tendency to develop rhabdomyolysis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause you to feel faint or have a high temperature it may be signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the following side effects have been observed with varuby : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal levels of some liver enzymes - diarrhoea - indigestion - 29 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - somnolence ( somnolence ) - headache - stomach pain - constipation - diarrhoea - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal or abnormal blood tests in the urine - decrease in the number of platelets in the blood - loss of appetite - back pain - hair loss - hair loss - acne - abnormal or decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing , rapid breathing , wheezing or coughing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ), candidiasis ( a feeling of pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ) due to water retention ( urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( vomiting_(gastroenteritis) ), pain in arms or legs , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , fever , runny nose ( thrush ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction , rash , itching , hives and skin rash . these events have been reported in patients treated with evicel . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel_acino_pharma are : common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties or cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; back_pain ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; blisters_of_the_skin ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of heaviness in the arm ; vertigo ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - wind ( flatulence ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - anxiety - abnormal dreams - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - feeling tired - headache - cough - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - wind ( flatulence ) - feeling tired - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy - allergy ( inflammation of the lining of the large intestine , bumps , pain , and pain ) - increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) - increased blood levels of liver enzymes in blood tests - abnormal kidney function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) - kidney failure - abnormal kidney function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) - abnormal kidney function tests - abnormal kidney function tests - abnormal kidney function tests - abnormal kidney function tests - abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney test results ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney stones ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ; kidney failure ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy feeling dizzy feeling sleepy , very tired , fast or uneven ears , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , fast muscle beat , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating , change in the way things taste increase in muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating , 37 muscle spasms , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating , abnormal muscle sensations such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy feeling dizzy , sleepy , fast muscle contractions , sensitivity to light or vertigo , feeling dizzy , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , sleepy , fast muscle movement , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating , 37 muscle spasms , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating , 37 muscle cramps , muscle spasms , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , decreased sense of touch or sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sounds , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sounds , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sounds , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sounds , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sounds , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sounds , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), dry mouth 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zelboraf and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , itching , skin rash , blistering and peeling of the skin , blistering of the skin , fever , chills , chills , feeling tired , - changes in blood tests of liver function - dizziness ( very common ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - chills - fever - sunburn common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching , rash , redness , peeling or pain at the site of the skin ( erythema multiforme ) - feeling tired - abnormal blood test results such as some tests for your liver . - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching , rash , redness , peeling , pain , hand and pain where the injection is given ( including feeling tired ) - abnormal blood test results such as some tests for your liver . - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching , rash , redness , peeling , pain , hand and pain where the injection is given ( peripheral_oedema) ) - feeling tired - abnormal blood test results such as some tests for your liver . - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching , rash , redness , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - feeling tired - abnormal blood test results such as some tests for your liver . - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash ( 37 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching , rash , redness or pain where the injection was given - feeling tired or having changes in the way things taste - a feeling of pain or loss of sensation - redness , itching or rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - tingling or skin reactions at the site of the injection ( hypoaesthesia ) - feeling tired - abnormal blood test results which may show changes in the way the liver is working - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( creatinine and / or alkaline phosphatase ) in the blood - high level of creatinine in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - creatinine and uric acid in the blood - low level of creatinine in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - creatinine and uric acid in the blood - low level of creatinine in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - creatinine and uric acid in the blood - low level of creatinine in the blood - creatinine and uric acid in the blood - increase in creatinine levels in the blood ( bilirubin and / or alkaline phosphatase ) in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - creatinine and uric acid in the blood - low level of creatinine in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - creatinine and uric acid in the blood - low level of creatinine in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - creatinine and uric acid in the blood - an increase in bilirubin , uric acid and / or calcium in the blood - changes in the level of potassium in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - creatinine and / or alkaline phosphatase ( alt ) in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - creatinine , uric acid and / or calcium in the blood - increase in creatinine levels in the blood - an increase in bilirubin , uric acid and / or calcium in the blood - changes in the level of potassium in the blood - high levels of creatinine in the blood - creatinine , uric acid , or fat in the blood - increase in liver enzymes - increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( creatinine , uric acid and / or alkaline phosphatase ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching or rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - tingling or pain at the site
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , the signs of an allergic reaction may be life - threatening . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following allergic reactions : rash , itching , pain , generalised rash , redness , generalised rash , and rash . very rarely reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), eye pain or swelling of the face , this medicine can cause a reaction to the infusion of a reaction such as cough , shortness of breath , cough , a general feeling of discomfort or nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain or loss of appetite , fainting , fast heart beat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , joint pain , back pain or swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling cold ( asthenia ), feeling anxious or having palpitations ( palpitations ), irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , fainting very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach ache and / or fainting , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , decreased appetite , fainting , fast heart beat , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach or indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , joint pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , feeling cold ( signs of water retention ) or trouble in sleeping ( palpitations ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach ache or loss of appetite , fainting , fast heart beat , nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart beat , rapid heart rate , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach or indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , passing wind ( flatulence ), loss of appetite , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , joint pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , frequent urination , frequent urination , drowsiness , inability to pass urine , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache or problems with or without breathing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , decreased appetite , fainting , fast heart beat , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach or indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , passing wind , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , joint pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , frequent urination , frequent urination , drowsiness , inability to pass urine , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache or problems with or without breathing , fainting , frequent_urination , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , palpitations , rapid heart rate , rapid heart rate , rapid heart rate , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach or indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , passing wind , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , joint pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , frequent urination , frequent urination , drowsiness , inability to pass urine , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache or loss of appetite , fainting , fast heart beat , nightmares , depression , nervousness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . in general , the number of red blood cells or red blood cells which may make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness , which may be associated with blood clotting disorders , such as bruising , breathlessness , bleeding , bruising or bleeding . if you have these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . infusion - related reactions are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite - mucositis - loss of appetite ( mucositis ) - loss of appetite ( mucositis ) - loss of appetite ( mucositis ) - loss of appetite - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - loss of appetite - hair loss - rash - low level of blood platelets ( neutrophils ) - joint pain - joint pain - constipation - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - 60 if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever - an increase in some white blood cells . - signs of liver problems - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching all over - feeling sick or being sick - kidney problems - liver problems including yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) - liver problems including hepatitis ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) - liver problems including hepatitis b infection - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) - liver problems including hepatitis b infection - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellow skin of the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( difficulties in passing urine ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellow of the skin ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellow blood cells that can cause yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellow skin and eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( hives , swallowing or swallowing ), dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling , itching or bruising ( signs of a feeling of low blood pressure ) light - headedness , dizziness , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling or pain at the injection site injection site pain , itching . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) dizziness vertigo ( low blood pressure ) light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , as this may be a sign of fever . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . fever . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . fever . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . fever . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . these side effects are common . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . fever . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever low blood pressure . if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - constipation - diarrhoea - nausea , feeling sick , vomiting - decreased appetite - high level of sugar in the blood - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - decreased appetite - fatigue - difficulty sleeping - constipation - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - dry skin - itching - joint pain - 50 - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - fatigue - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea , heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - difficulty sleeping - constipation - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - dry skin - itching - joint pain - 50 - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - fatigue - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea , heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - difficulty sleeping - constipation - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - dry skin - itching - joint pain - 50 - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - fatigue - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea , heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - difficulty sleeping - constipation - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - dry skin - itching - joint pain - 50 - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - fatigue - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness - decreased appetite - fatigue - difficulty sleeping - constipation - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - dry skin - itching - joint pain - 50 - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - fatigue - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness - decreased appetite - fatigue - difficulty sleeping - constipation - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - dry skin - itching - joint pain - 50 - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - fatigue - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness - decreased appetite - fatigue - difficulty sleeping - constipation - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - dry skin - itching - joint pain - 50 - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - fatigue - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness - decreased appetite - fatigue - difficulty sleeping - constipation - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - dry skin - itching - joint pain - 50 - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - fatigue - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness - decreased appetite - fatigue - difficulty sleeping - constipation - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - dry skin - itching - joint pain - 50 - joint pain
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of memory , tenderness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , hives . these reactions have been reported in some patients . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , and / or fever , which may be signs of inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . serious allergic reactions may include difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands and tenderness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rash , hives and rash have been reported . some of these reactions have been fatal . if you experience difficulty breathing when you start using this medicine , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands , difficulty in passing stools , cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . serious allergic reactions may include difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands and tenderness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions such as rash , hives and rash have been reported . some of these reactions have been fatal . if you experience difficulty breathing when you start using this medicine , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , inflammation_of_the_lung , cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . serious allergic reactions , including difficulty breathing , cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . serious allergic reactions may include difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands and tenderness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - fluid around the lungs , cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . - serious allergic reactions , including difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , inflammation_of_the_lung , cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . - serious allergic reactions , including difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , inflammation_of_the_lung , cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . - serious allergic reactions , including difficulty breathing , which may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : swelling , tingling or groin in your groin , or armpits , damage or bleeding at the back of the eyes ( damage in the amount of red blood cells ), fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , chest swelling or shortness of breath . severe rash , rash , itching or itching of the skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or ulcers in your mouth and / or throat . if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or ulcers in your mouth and / or throat . if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or ulcers in your mouth and / or throat . if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or ulcers in your mouth and / or throat . if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or ulcers in your mouth and / or throat . if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or ulcers in your mouth and / or throat . if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or ulcers in your mouth . if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 10 people redness or swelling of the skin and other parts of the body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath . other signs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) itching ( pruritus ) itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) some side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms include : excessive thirst or hunger ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) rash ( including itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) dizziness or stomach pain 36 the following side effects have also been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) heart palpitations ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms include : excessive thirst or hunger ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) rash , itching , hives ( hives ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high level of " lactic acid " in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms include : excessive thirst or hunger ( signs of low level of oxygen in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms include : excessive thirst or hunger ( signs of low level of oxygen in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a feeling of tiredness or hunger ( upper respiratory tract infection ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) infection of the airways ( ear congestion ) high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs * weight increase weight increase . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache headache frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ) in patients taking enurev_breezhaler . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and need immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to riximyo , which may be more severe . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these reactions , you should contact your doctor immediately . these reactions are more likely to happen at the start of treatment . these reactions are more likely to occur at the start of treatment . if you notice any of these reactions , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells , bronchitis , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite , weight loss headache , increased sweating , increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . if you notice any of these symptoms , especially if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells , bronchitis , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion eating disorders ( loss of appetite ) weight decrease , loss of appetite tiredness , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other problems may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and / or blood lipids . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to a serious allergic reaction . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to riximyo , which may be more severe . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells , bronchitis , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite , weight loss headache , increased sweating , increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : angioedema ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness or breathing difficulties ) symptoms of lung problems include : - respiratory arrest , hot flush or breathing problems - severe fever , which may be severe and can be life - threatening . - nausea and vomiting , or diarrhoea . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your throat with or without difficulty in breathing - itching - itchy skin - hives - severe allergic reaction ( interstitial lung lung inflammation , which can lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction ) - difficulty in breathing - cough - fever - severe shortness of breath with or without fever - severe chest pain - interstitial lung disease ( signs include breakdown of the eyes or eyes ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - pain at the site of injection , sensitivity to light - itchy rash ( pruritus ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - itchy rash ( pruritus ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection ( inflammation of nerves ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - pain at the site of injection ( such as skin irritation or inflammation at the site of injection ) - itchy rash ( pruritus ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - injection site reactions , such as pain and inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite inability to sleep ( insomnia ) stomach pain suicidal thoughts and loss of taste of food . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) confused , tingling , burning sensation , or burning sensation in your arms , legs , or hands , feet , legs , arms , legs , or hands , loss of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , dizziness , headache or coughing up blood . symptoms may include liver problems shortness of breath , stomach or stomach pain , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine : increase of certain enzymes in the blood : high level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate and phosphate in blood test results weight gain , weight gain , constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headaches , confused , constipation , dry mouth , stomach pain , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some types of anti - magnesium , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , and phosphate in blood tests . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause skin rashes , burning and stinging ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - eye irritation - eye redness - redness , itching or swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ) - abnormal blood test results for some blood tests common side effects ( these can affect up to 9 users in 100 ) - allergic reaction - high blood pressure - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling of being sick ( tiredness ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - high blood levels of uric acid ( see section 9 ) uncommon ( affects 9 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) - allergic reaction - high blood pressure - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling of being sick ( tiredness ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - changes in blood test results for some blood tests ( see section 9 ) uncommon ( affects 9 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) - allergic reaction - high blood pressure - stroke - severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing or asthma ) - severe allergic reactions ( symptoms may include inflammation of the inner part of the large intestine or the tear of the eye ( cornea ) which may cause difficulty breathing or wheezing or asthma - severe allergic reactions which may include symptoms of inflammation of the inner lining of the large intestine ( cornea ) that may cause inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with calcium_build ) some patients have had the following additional side effects : 47 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion , diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling of being sick ( tiredness ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - high blood levels of uric acid ( see section 9 ) uncommon ( affects 9 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) - allergic reaction - high blood pressure - stroke - allergic reactions - difficulty breathing - wheezing - asthma - severe allergic reactions ( symptoms may include inflammation of the inner lining of the large intestine or the tear of the eye ( cornea ) which may cause difficulty breathing or wheezing - severe allergic reactions ( symptoms may include inflammation of the inner lining of the large intestine or the tear of the eye ( cornea ) which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing - asthma - severe allergic reaction which may include symptoms of inflammation of the inner lining of the large intestine or the inner layer of the mouth ( cornea ) - some patients have had the following additional side effects : 47 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion , diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling of being sick ( tiredness ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - high blood levels of uric acid ( see section 9 ) uncommon ( affects 9 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) - allergic reaction - high blood pressure - stroke - allergic reactions - difficulty breathing - wheezing - asthma - severe allergic reactions ( symptoms may include inflammation of the inner part of the large intestine or the tear of the eye ( cornea ) which may cause difficulty breathing or wheezing - severe allergic reactions ( symptoms may include inflammation of the inner lining of the large intestine or the tear of the eye ) or the cornea ( may affect up to calcium_build % of the eye ) - allergic reaction - high blood pressure - stroke - asthma - severe allergic reactions ( symptoms may include inflammation of the inner lining of the large intestine or the tear of the eye ( cornea ) which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing - asthma - severe allergic reaction which may include symptoms of inflammation of the inner lining of the mouth or the mouth ( cornea ) - some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with phosphates in combination with phosphates in combination with phosphates in combination with other antiretroviral agents . - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion , diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling of being sick ( tiredness ) - fluid in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and tell a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area , as well as hives , nettle rash , itchy or itchy skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a cough , fever or other signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a rare severe skin reaction which may include difficulty breathing , hives , nettle rash , hives or itchy patches with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention ). - if you experience difficulty in breathing or inflammation_of_the_pancreas , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a rare severe muscle disorder ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - flu ( influenza ) - vomiting - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - loss of appetite - blood in the urine - pain in the back of the stomach - dry or ulcers - ulcers in the mouth - symptoms include swollen face , tongue or throat - difficulty swallowing - hives - nettle rash ( hives ) and itchy skin ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - flu ( influenza ) - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain - redness or bruising - bruising or bruising of the surface of the surface of the eye - symptoms include swollen face , tongue or throat - difficulty swallowing - hives - ulcers of the surface of the eye ( such as face or throat ) - difficulties swallowing - hives - nettle rash - hives ( itchy ) - this may cause a sore throat or difficulty breathing - hives ( nettle rash ) - hives ( urticaria ) - a rare severe heart disorder ( perforation of the liver ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - flu ( influenza ) - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain , redness or bruising - bruising or bruising of the skin - symptoms include : - ulcers of the mouth , tongue or throat - difficulties swallowing - hives ( nettle rash ) - hives ( urticaria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - flu ( influenza ) - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain , redness or bruising - bruising or bruising of the surface of the eye - symptoms include swollen face , tongue or throat - difficulties swallowing - hives ( nettle rash ) - hives ( urticaria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - flu ( influenza ) - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain , redness or bruising - bruising or bruising of the skin - symptoms include : - ulcers of the mouth , tongue or throat - difficulties swallowing - hives ( nettle rash ) - hives ( urticaria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - flu ( influenza ) - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain , redness or bruising - bruising or bruising of the skin - symptoms include : - ulcers of the mouth , tongue or throat - difficulties swallowing - hives ( nettle rash ) - hives ( urticaria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - flu ( influenza ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath or fainting . these may be symptoms of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the face ). symptoms may include pain , burning , numbness or burning , burning , and / or burning feeling in hands and / or feet . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of urinary tract infection ( such as pain , burning , speaking or speaking ) at the injection site may occur . these usually occur within a few days without a few weeks without a few weeks . if they do not disappear , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) influenza , feeling sick ( nausea ), headache , flu like symptoms , feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - numbness and numbness common ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , chills , sore throat or coughing or severe_headaches , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of blood platelets which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling - heart attack - blood clots in the veins of the lungs which can cause deep weakening of the body ( symptoms include : - shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - heart attack - blood clots in the veins of the mouth and / or anus - confusion - confusion - tiredness - increased weight - increased appetite . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling - coughing up blood , which may be a sign of heart attack , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lungs , especially in the mouth and / or anus , which may be accompanied with chills , loss of consciousness , loss of appetite , acne - change in the way things taste - vertigo , - confusion , confusion , tiredness , - increased appetite . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells . symptoms include heart attack , shortness of breath , watery eyes , coughing up blood , blood clots in your veins , especially in the mouth or in the anus . when you have had hepatitis b in the past , you may experience some of the following symptoms : - blindness , - confusion , - confusion , - tiredness , - increased appetite . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling - coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins of the mouth and / or the anus - hives - redness of the skin - skin peeling or discomfort - chills - loss of consciousness - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results ( vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness ) - increased appetite . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling - coughing up blood , which may be a sign of heart attack , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lungs , especially in the mouth and / or anus , which may be accompanied by chills , loss of consciousness , loss of appetite , acne - change in the way things taste - vertigo , - confusion , confusion , tiredness , - increased appetite . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells . symptoms include heart attack , shortness of breath , watery eyes , coughing up blood , blood clots in your veins , especially in the mouth or in the anus . when you have had hepatitis b in the past , you may experience some of the following symptoms : - blindness , - confusion , - tiredness , - increased appetite . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling - coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins of the mouth and / or the anus - hives - redness of the skin - skin peeling or discomfort - chills - loss of consciousness - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results ( vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness ) - increased appetite . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling - coughing up blood , which may be a sign of heart attack , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lungs , especially in the mouth and / or anus , which may be accompanied by chills , loss of consciousness , loss of appetite , acne - change in the way things taste - vertigo , - confusion , confusion , tiredness , - increased appetite . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets . symptoms may include heart attack , shortness of breath , and / or chest tightness . - heart attack . - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or anus . when you have had hepatitis b in the past , you may experience an abnormal
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening and need urgent medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : deep,_rapid_breathing * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : muscle_weakness * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any symptoms of infection such as : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of inflammation of the parts of the body . - tiredness and stomach ache - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - discomfort or vomiting - stomach pain - blood in your vomit . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth and throat irritation - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - drowsiness - strange taste in the mouth - strange taste in the mouth - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - sensation of tingling or pricking of the hands or feet - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - breast pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal ) - pain - feeling drowsiness - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - drowsiness - enlargement of the liver - breast enlargement in men - dizziness - drowsiness - strange taste in the mouth and / or throat - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - breast pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth and throat ( nasopharyngitis ) - skin rashes - feeling of dizziness or drowsiness - skin discolouration - dizziness ( including when getting up from a lying or sitting position ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - drowsiness - strange taste in the mouth ( sinus congestion ) - dizziness - drowsiness - strange taste in the skin - dizziness - drowsiness - skin discolouration ( for example ) - dizziness - drowsiness - skin discolouration - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - dizziness - drowsiness - mouth ulcers - breast pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - kidney_problems common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - drowsiness - skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating and sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma ; joint disorders such as changes in behaviour and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms contact your doctor . coma , if you have a marked temperature , tell your doctor immediately . fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or throat may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), loss of consciousness and fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain or discomfort ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; vomiting ; swelling or discomfort in your mouth or throat ; abdominal pain or discomfort ; discomfort in your abdomen ; constipation ; itching ; rash ; dry skin ; muscle pain or spasms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ear pain ; rapid and rapid heart rate ; swelling of the salivary glands ; not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause swelling of the mouth and throat ; swelling , swollen and itchy rash ( hives ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain ; spasms or spasms ; feeling of weakness or tingling in the arms and / or legs ; loss of strength ; discomfort in the arms and legs ; pain in the arms or legs ; constipation ; itching ; rash ; dry skin ; muscle pain or spasms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heart problems , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling , swollen and itchy rash ( hives ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine , spasms , spasms , feeling of weakness or tingling in the limbs , or loosening of a tooth , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( such_symptoms ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience symptoms such as dryness , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection ( diverticulitis ), which may be a sign of an inflammation of the bone tissue ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the stomach or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , swelling , swelling and / or pain at the site of the leg , as these may be signs of diverticulitis ( ketones in the intestine and / or joints ). these are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within the first few days of treatment . if you have symptoms of inflammation of your bone tissue ( such_symptoms ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . other side effects include : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : bone or bone pain . muscle cramps or discomfort , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling or discomfort in your joints , abdominal pain or discomfort , discomfort in your arms or legs , constipation , itching , rash of the skin muscle pain or spasms . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : ear pain or enlargement or tear in the ear , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms after symptoms such as dryness , redness , swelling or pain in your joints and / or jaw , has been reported in children . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blood clot in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of a widespread severe rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling , swollen or itchy rash ( hives ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : - blood in the urine - spasms or spasms - swelling or pain at the site of the leg ( diverticulitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine - spasms or spasms - a feeling of weakness or pins and needles in the joints , or loosening of a tooth , or loosening of a tooth - tests may occur after stopping treatment . -
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop using ambirix and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - breathing problems - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop flu - like symptoms , as these may be signs of a lung problem : - fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat o feeling tired or loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever - feeling tired or loss of consciousness - loss of consciousness , which may be accompanied by loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening . - if you experience loss of consciousness , fever , chills , weakness ( chest pain ) or chest pain , as these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of fat ). - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore chest or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of symptoms ) - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore chest or throat ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or loss of consciousness , which may make you feel tired or have a quickened heartbeat o feeling tired or very tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a combination of flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , chills , sore chest or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - pain in the upper right side of the chest or chest , or difficulty in breathing ( if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately ), - flu - like symptoms , or fever , - chills , - sore throat , - mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or tired , - chills , - sore throat or runny nose , - a sore throat , feeling tired or chest pain - pain in the right side of your chest , - difficulty in breathing , or loss of consciousness ( 25 respiratory distress syndrome ) - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore chest or throat ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain ( common ) - flu - like symptoms , such as pain on the chest , chest or chest , difficulty breathing or swallowing , 25 flu - like symptoms , cough , fever , chills , sore chest or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , tired or chest pain - pain in the upper right side of the chest or chest , difficulty breathing , rapid or irregular heartbeat ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , fever , chills , sore chest or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , tired or chest pain - pain in the upper right side of the chest or chest , difficulty breathing , rapid or irregular heartbeat ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , fever , chills , sore chest or runny nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or tired , chest ( chest ) chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or loss of consciousness ( 25 respiratory distress syndrome ) - flu - like symptoms , pain , chest pain , or other breathing problems - cough , fever , chills , sore chest or throat ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or loss of consciousness ( 25 respiratory distress syndrome ) - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore chest or throat ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain ( common ) - flu - like symptoms , such as pain on the right side of the chest , chest , chest or back - difficulty breathing - rapid or irregular heartbeat - flu - like symptoms , cough
like all vaccines , bexsero can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - rash , fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which could be symptoms of a rash , fever , difficulty breathing or feeling faint or these could be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - fainting , feeling faint , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite . these symptoms can be signs of severely elevated blood pressure ( collapse , feeling faint or loss of consciousness ) tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : fever , blisters or blisters at the injection site at the injection site , such as peeling , hardness , fever , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , blisters ) - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which could make you feel collapse or have loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening , - seizures ( seizures ), - fever and blisters at the injection site at the injection site at injection site , peeling , hardness , fever , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of nervous system symptoms such as : - loss of consciousness , leading to collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening . - seizures , seizures , feeling faint , difficulty breathing or chest tightness , feeling faint or fainting , loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing , or chest tightness , or feeling faint or fainting . - loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may include fainting , seizures , feeling faint , difficulty breathing , or chest tightness , or photophobia , or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction , which may include fainting , seizures , feeling faint , difficulty breathing or swallowing , photophobia ( fits ), or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of seizures , seizures ( fits ), feeling faint , difficulty breathing or chest tightness , or photophobia , or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction , which may include fainting , seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing or breathing problems , which may be signs of seizures , seizures ( fits ), or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of seizures , seizures ( fits ), feeling faint , difficulty breathing or swallowing , photophobia ( fits ), or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , which may include fainting , seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing , or chest tightness , feeling faint or fainting , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - seizures , seizures , feeling faint , difficulty breathing or chest tightness , feeling faint or fainting , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe nervous system symptoms , such as seizures , seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing or breathing problems , which may be signs of seizures ( seizures ) - loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of seizures ( seizures ), seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing , or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of seizures , seizures ( fits ), feeling faint , difficulty breathing or chest tightness , or photophobia ( convulsions ), - loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe nervous system symptoms such as fainting , seizures , feeling faint , difficulty breathing , or chest tightness , or photophobia , or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction , which may include fainting , seizures , feeling faint , difficulty breathing or swallowing , photophobia ( fits ), or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction , which may include fainting , seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing , or chest tightness , or feeling faint or fainting , which may be signs of a stroke - feeling faint or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause your face to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) low calcium levels in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with non - anticancer medicines ( aids ) pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the liver swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): local reactions at the injection site , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with non - anticancer medicines ( aids ) pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the liver swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): local reactions at the injection site , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( a type of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with non - anticancer medicines ( e . g . inflammation of the blood vessels ) liver failure low platelet count ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with non - anticancer medicines ( aids ) pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the liver swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): local reactions at the injection site , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( a type of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with non - anticancer medicines ( e . g . inflammation of the blood vessels ) liver failure low platelet count ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( a type of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with non - anticancer medicines ( e . g . inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) pulmonary arterial hypertension ( a type of blood cancer ) in the blood cancer ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash , chest pain or discomfort while being treated with intuniv or after stopping treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe pain in your stomach and / or feeling or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - rash - headache - nausea - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - gastrointestinal ulcer ( rash ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal discomfort - rash ( pollakiuria ) - pain in the arms or legs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - abdominal pain - feeling hot ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ), constipation - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal pain - rash ( pollakiuria ) - abnormal blood test results ( syncope ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ), constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal discomfort ( flatulence ) - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal pain - rash ( pollakiuria ) - abnormal blood test results ( syncope ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ), constipation - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal discomfort ( flatulence ) - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal pain - rash ( pollakiuria ) - abnormal blood test results ( syncope ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ), constipation - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal discomfort ( flatulence ) - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - rash ( pollakiuria ) - abnormal blood test results ( syncope ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - signs of liver problems such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , high blood pressure , rash , itching , pruritis , rash , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching , pruritis , rash , itching , pruritis , rash , itching , pruritis ( rash ) or pain at the injection site high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching , pruritis , rash , itching , pruritis , rash , itching , pruritis ( rash ) or pain at the injection site high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching , pruritis , rash , itching , pruritis , rash , itching , pruritis , rash or pain at the injection site high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching , pruritis , rash , itching , pruritis , rash , pain_at_injection_site , rash or pain at the injection site high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . cholestasis ), rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching , pruritis , rash , rash , pruritis , rash , redness and rash ( pruritis ), rash , pruritis ( rash ), pain at the site of injection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain at the injection site , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , rash , hives , hives , rash . 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): disorder of the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) 29 disorder of blood clots in the blood vessels in the lungs ( intracranial hypertension ) disorder and disorder of the blood vessels in the lungs , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing ( pruritis ), rash , itching , hives ( pruritis ), rash , pruritis , rash ( pruritis ), rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , pruritis ( rash ), rash , pruritis , rash , redness of the skin ( pruritis ), rash , pruritis ( rash ), rash , pruritis , rash or pain at the injection site , rash at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain at the infusion site , headache , diarrhoea and stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , rash , hives , rash . 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): disorder of the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) 29 disorder of blood clots in the blood vessels in elderly patients treated with 29 - 0 . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): disorder and disorder of the blood vessels that can cause difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing ( pruritis ), rash , itching , hives , and rash . 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): disorder of the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): disorder of the blood vessels in the lungs with breathing problems , including difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing ( pruritis ), rash , itching , hives ( pruritis ) and rash . 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): disorder of the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): disorder of the blood vessels in the lungs with breathing problems , including difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing ( pruritis ), rash , itching , hives ( pruritis ) and rash . 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , - swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing , - tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing and wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing and wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing and wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or tightness of the chest . - general feeling of being unwell dizziness and loss of consciousness . if you get any of these symptoms , stop using adynovi and contact your doctor immediately . - severe allergic reaction as described above . if you get any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking adynovi and contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - factor viii inhibitors ( see section 2 ) - skin rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) which may be severe or life - threatening . - difficulty in breathing - dizziness or fainting - flu like symptoms such as wheals , wheals , generalised itching , - swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing , - tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - severe allergic reaction that may include hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you get a severe allergic reaction , stop using adynovi and contact your doctor immediately . - allergic reaction such as hives and / or flu - like symptoms such as hives and weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) factor viii inhibitors ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) factor viii inhibitors ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inhibitor antibodies ( inhibitors ) in patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , nausea and diarrhoea . severe allergic reaction which may include wheals , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting . severe symptoms of allergic reaction may include flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and loss of consciousness . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . severe allergic reaction that can cause hives or flu - like symptoms such
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness , difficulty breathing or swallowing these may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome , which may be symptoms of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include pelvic pain , nausea and vomiting ), ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a side effect with which may be a sign of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - breast pain - dizziness - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( nausea ) - vomiting - vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome - breast pain - headache - injection site pain - injection site pain - drowsiness ( tiredness ) - dizziness - drowsiness - dizziness - vaginal bleeding - weight gain - breast pain - breast pain - breast pain - leakage of the chest - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , swelling of the abdomen and / or discomfort - discomfort in the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea - loss of strength - contact a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of these symptoms . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , which can cause chest pain , irregular heartbeat , and dizziness . - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . - if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , which can cause chest pain and chest pain , and / or throat pain , and / or swelling / discomfort in the arms and / or legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . - if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , which can cause chest pain and chest pain , and / or throat pain , and / or swelling / discomfort in the joints . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . - if you experience pain , swelling of lower limbs and / or joints , - nausea and vomiting , - dizziness - vaginal bleeding . - weight gain . - breast pain . - breast pain . - back pain . - pain in arms or legs . - drowsiness . - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , and loss of appetite . - if you experience pain , swelling of lower limbs and / or joints . - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea . - loss of strength . - breast pain . - breast pain . - breast pain . - back pain . - pain in arms or legs . - drowsiness . - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , and loss of appetite . - if you experience pain , swelling of lower limbs and / or joints . - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea . - loss of strength . - breast pain . - breast pain . - breast pain . - back pain . - pain in arms or legs . - drowsiness . - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , and loss of appetite . - if you experience pain , swelling of lower limbs and / or joints . - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea . - loss of strength . - breast pain . - breast pain . - breast pain . - back pain . - pain in arms or legs . - drowsiness . - swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : - wheezing or coughing , hives or skin rash ( angioedema ) - very fast heartbeat , coughing or breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest , wheezing or breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . this side effect is common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or mouth ; - change in the colour of your nails ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing or fever - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection_of_the_lung) ( a sore throat ) - some symptoms may include fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough and increased blood pressure . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pneumonia ( a fungal infection of the body ) - fever - chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased blood pressure other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pneumonia ( a fungal infection of the body ) - fever - chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores ( herpes simplex ) - headache - chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased blood pressure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold , cold or sticky throat - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - cold or inflamed nose - change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold and other flu - like symptoms such as fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough , increased blood pressure . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough , increased blood pressure and increased blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold , cold or sore throat - change in your sense of taste - loss of voice - change in your sense of taste - increased cough or increased blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold sores - headache - chills - increased mucus production and change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold - the flu - like symptoms - fever - chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased blood pressure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cold - increased level of uric acid in the blood - low level of phosphate in the blood - increased lipids in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being sick stomach pain not being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea stomach pain or problems with food or discomfort feeling discomfort or pain in the cheeks and forehead these may be signs of a urinary tract allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( including hypersensitivity and swelling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause blistering or blistering of the skin ) have also been reported . blistering and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause blistering or peeling of the skin . itching ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( including hypersensitivity and swelling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause blistering or blistering of the skin ) have also been reported . blistering and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause blistering and peeling of the skin . itching ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( including hypersensitivity and swelling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause blistering or peeling of the skin ) 2 ( blistering of the skin ) have also been reported . if you experience any of these , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( including hypersensitivity and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause blistering or blistering of the skin ) have also been reported . blistering and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause blistering of the skin or blotches , itching , change in skin colour including darkening of the skin and skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported . cases of severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported . cases of severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported . cases of severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported . cases of severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) such as anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause swelling or redness of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - abdominal pain - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling and redness at the site of injection if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and need immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : low blood pressure , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing ( bronchospasm ), hives , blisters on the skin . the signs may include irritation of the lips , throat or tongue , and fever . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the infusion . if you develop any of these reactions , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - low blood pressure , which may make you feel blood_pressure_raised upon standing ) - shortness of breath ( bronchospasm ) - hives - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bacterial or viral infections - bronchitis - decrease in the number of white blood cells - fever - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - pain ( irritation ) - irritation or thickening of the mouth - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen - irritation or irritation of the mouth - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - back ( abdominal ) pain - pain in the arms or legs - feeling short of breath ( 24 ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clots in the legs ( deep muscles thrombosis ) - polyangiitis ( a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 100 people ) - reduced blood pressure ( bronchitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen ( tummy ) - irritation or thickening of the mouth and / or throat ( mucosal irritation ) - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - back pain - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - being short of breath ( 24 ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast development ( polyangiitis ) - decreased blood pressure ( hypertension ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions - skin reactions
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : - allergic reactions such as rash , itching , hives , skin rash , and stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : - tiredness , chills , sore throat , cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice one or more of the following side effects : jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the nose ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with rash and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , mouth and tongue ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - rash or hives . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : - rash , which may be accompanied by fever , blisters of the skin , peeling of the skin , peeling of the skin , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , diarrhoea and nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - constipation - diarrhoea - nausea - rash - itching - skin reddening - skin rash - skin rash - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - fever - serious infections ( including neutropenia and neutropenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can increase the risk of infections , including neutropenia ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - increase in liver enzymes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - rash - hives - hives - skin rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - tiredness - chills - sore throat - cough - shortness of breath - difficulty breathing - light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the nose ) - fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - constipation - diarrhoea - nausea - rash - itching - skin reddening - skin rash - rash - hair loss - skin rash - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - fever - serious infections ( including neutropenia and neutropenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - increase in liver enzymes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; generalised swelling or numbness ; not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): unusual weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_hcs ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; high blood pressure ; redness of the skin ; joint or muscle pain ; inflammation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a cough , swelling , redness or sores in your mouth and / or throat , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction or a sudden drop in blood pressure and feeling like you have a fever , swelling , swelling or redness in your mouth and / or throat , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you develop pain , swelling , redness or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - feeling short of breath or breathing - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - blood_or_mucus can be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a rare severe muscle disorder which can lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction ) with symptoms such as : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat - swelling of your face or throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , mouth , tongue or throat - feeling short of breath or breathing - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - blood_or_mucus can lead to blood clots in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ). - if you develop symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , severe nausea , swelling , or pain and fever at the site of the treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - an infection that may be life - threatening . - a serious allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps like a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction , - pain , swelling , redness and / or swelling of the face and / or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of the skin or other parts of the body - pain , swelling , redness or pain at the site of the treatment - other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - an infection that may be life - threatening . - a serious allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause a swollen face or throat - a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction with a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the mouth and / or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the mouth and / or throat , which
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience blindness , blindness , numbness , tingling or tingling in the hands and feet , as these may be signs of a possible liver problem . the most frequently reported side effect is shaking , shaking , blindness , blindness , confusion , confusion , blindness and blindness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel teva may be increased when docetaxel teva is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . however , if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . the most frequently occurring side effects are shaking , shaking , blindness , blindness , confusion , confusion and blindness . the severity of these side effects may be increased when using this medicine . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with depocyte . overall list of possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue - skin rash - itching - hives common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - blocked nose - sneezing , sore throat - headache - pain in arms or legs - muscle cramps uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - high level of sugar in the blood - muscle spasm - skin itching - rash - small red or purple spots on the skin ( erythema ) - blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with zyllt is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; generalised allergic reaction ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sensation ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; chest tightness ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; generalised allergic reaction ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sensation ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva , and tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . these are signs of lactic_acidosis tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor may tell you to stop taking lamivudine_teva . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your blood pressure . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . tell your doctor immediately if you get signs of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you get signs of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you get signs of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience signs and symptoms of liver problems : nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain or cramps and cramps these symptoms occur . your doctor will tell you how to treat a side effect . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may instruct you to decrease your heparin dose during treatment . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start treatment and during treatment with treatment . rash may cause skin rash that may spread throughout your body to include nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain , cramps or cramps these symptoms may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a marked decrease in your urine output ( thrombocytopenia ). your doctor may regularly test your urine if you experience this side effect or if lamivudine is stopped . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any changes in your behaviour . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you get skin rash or any of these symptoms . your doctor will check your blood regularly for you to check your treatment with lamivudine , to check your blood cell counts regularly . you may experience an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( thrombocytopenia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your immune system becomes stronger , and may include you to feel fits or have problems with your liver which may be signs of liver problems . nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain or cramps these symptoms usually improve within a few days to a few weeks . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects include : a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . rash tell your doctor immediately if you get signs of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you get signs of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience signs and symptoms of liver problems : nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , or pain and cramps or cramps . your doctor will tell you how to treat a side effect . your doctor may
like all medicines , nespo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience seizures , especially sudden , severe swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - signs of serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : - if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days to a few weeks . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days to a few weeks . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days to a few weeks . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days to a few weeks . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , itching ( pruritus ), back pain , increased blood pressure in the back of the eye ( glaucoma ), depression , shivering , headache , eye irritation , eye irritation , vertigo , inability to fall or stay asleep , nightmare , depression , fainting , high blood pressure , palpitations , increased blood pressure , palpitations , increased blood pressure , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits of the deposits around the heart ( palpitations ), high blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits in the deposits around the heart ( palpitations ), high blood pressure , palpitations , increased blood pressure , palpitations , increased blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits in the deposits around the heart ( palpitations ), high blood pressure , palpitations , increased blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits of the deposits in the womb . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking macugen are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching , itching of the skin , dry skin , back pain and other side effects in children and adolescents in general , the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , itching ( pruritus ), back pain , increased blood pressure in the back of the eye ( glaucoma ), depression , shivering , headache , eye irritation , eye irritation , vertigo , inability to fall or stay asleep , nightmare , depression , fainting , high blood pressure , palpitations , increased blood pressure , palpitations , increased blood pressure , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits of the deposits around the heart ( palpitations ), high blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits in the deposits around the heart ( palpitations ), high blood pressure , palpitations , increased blood pressure , palpitations , increased blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits of the abdomen . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching ( pruritus ), swelling ( palms of the hands and soles of the feet ) and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ), such as pain , swelling , oedema , fever and fever have been reported . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may cause skin reactions , including pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( very common ) or having a fast heartbeat ( atrial fibrillation ) or atrial fibrillation ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms , such as dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal cramps or cramps , seizures , headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face and / or throat , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your bone pain , and / or cramps . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which may lead to cramps or seizures contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your bone pain , and / or cramps . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which may be fatal . if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which may lead to cramps or seizures contact your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and go away within three days . these side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are mostly mild to moderate and often last for a few days or weeks after taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you notice any changes in behaviour , or if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . these problems are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . these problems are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . these problems are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . these problems are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . these problems are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . these problems are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . these problems are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( rash , hives or urticaria ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . bladder and coma ( urticaria ) has been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following or signs of lactic acidosis ( see section 2 ): coma ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can occur if you : experience sweating , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , rash , itching ( pruritus ), loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ), being sick ( vomiting ) ( hypoglycaemia ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , confusion , inability to sleep , tingling feeling ( paleness ), decreased appetite , paleness , lack of energy , paleness , lack of energy ( hypoglycaemia ), loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , confusion , mood swings , abnormal dreams , paleness , mood swings , paleness or lack of energy , paleness , lack of energy or paleness ( signs of hypoglycaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling of hands , feet , paleness , decreased sense of touch , paleness , mood change or loss of taste ( hypoglycaemia ), decreased level of potassium in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ), feeling sick ( hypoglycaemia ), hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood change or paleness , lack of energy , paleness , lack of energy ( hypoglycaemia ), loss of weight ( hypoglycaemia ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): lactic_acidosis not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) lactic acidosis ( coma and / or other type of coma ) has also been reported in patients taking tandemact . if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : infection , fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach inflammation , tiredness , drowsiness , headache , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting . these symptoms may be symptoms of infection such as tiredness , drowsiness , tiredness , and acute respiratory distress . the following side effects have been observed with edurant : inflammation and inflammation of the lungs , fever , chills , sweats , and onset of sweats . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : symptoms and symptoms can include : inflammation of the inflammation of the intestines , inflammation , inflammation , fever , chills , sweats , or sores in the mouth and / or throat . if you experience any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . symptoms of inflammation and inflammation of the liver caused by fever , chills , sweats and other neurological symptoms . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of an allergic reaction ( angioedema ), swollen face , face , lip or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of liver problems : oedema ( a rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ): high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - kidney problems ( angina , angina , see section 110 ) - diarrhoea , stomach pain , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , - vomiting , 110 110 stools , - diarrhoea , stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling ( oedema ) - swelling due to fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - kidney problems ( angina pectoris ) - at_night - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - 110 stools - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling ( oedema ) - swelling and fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking insulin alone or in combination with rosiglitazone , if you experience high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - angina - angina - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - 110 stools - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling ( oedema ) - swelling and fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - kidney problems ( angina pectoris ) - at_night - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - 110 stools - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - 110 stools - stomach pain - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - angina - angina - diarrhoea - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - 110 stools - stomach pain - loss of appetite - light - headedness - vomiting - 110 stools - stomach pain - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_mylan is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; generalised swelling or numbness ; not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): unusual weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , feeling tired feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( feeling tired ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , eyes or throat , difficulty in breathing or shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , throat irritation , dizziness and fainting . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 pain in arms or legs , fluid retention ( oedema ) eye pain , discomfort , swelling around the eyes and throat , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , 30 pain in the upper part of the mouth , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , eye_pain , eye pain , discomfort , swelling around the area of the skin around the eyes , fluid around the lungs ( peripheral oedema ), changes in heart rhythm ( e . g . abnormal heart tracing ), high or low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) swelling of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) swelling of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) electrocardiogram ( qt interval prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) swelling in the affected electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) chest pain ( difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fainting , fainting or fainting ) fainting ( which may be a sign of inflammation of the eye ( electrocardiogram , which may be due to an abnormal heart rhythm ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) heart rhythm problems ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) muscle pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fainting or fainting , fainting or fainting ( signs of diarrhoea ) diarrhoea , eye pain , discomfort or swelling at the application site ( caused by the medicine and tell your doctor or nurse immediately ) side effects are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 pain , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ), eye pain , discomfort and swelling at the application site , and / or shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 30 people ) pain in the mouth or throat , and shortness of breath . o nose bleeds . common : may affect up to 28 in mouth people : diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 pain , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ), eye pain , discomfort and swelling at the application site , and pain in the back of the throat , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , 28 , mouth , around the mouth , diarrhoea , sick ( being sick ), diarrhoea , eye_pain , eye pain or discomfort , swelling around the area of the skin around the eyes , fluid around the lungs ( peripheral oedema ) increased heart rate ( ecg qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) swelling in the legs ( electrocardiogram ), blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) muscle pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fainting , fainting or fainting , fainting ( which may lead to swelling of the skin and around the eyes ), fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) swelling in the legs ( electrocardiogram ) muscle pain ( difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fainting , fainting or fainting ) fainting ( which may be a sign of inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 not known ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , fluid in the lungs , blurred vision , eye pain , discomfort and swelling at the application site , and / or shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 30 people ) pain in the mouth , mouth , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , stuffy nose 28 diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 pain in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following symptoms : stop taking viagra and see a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes with or without fever and seizures ( fits ), as these may be signs of seizures . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightness in the chest , feeling of tightness in the chest , feeling of tightness in the chest , feeling of tightness in the chest , feeling of tightness in the chest , seeing sense of taste , visual impairment , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn , presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed ), feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , throat irritation , rapid breathing , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn , presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed ), feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , throat irritation , rapid breathing , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following undesirable effects have been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - a very common : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia ( including tiredness , nausea ) - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia ( tiredness ) - fatigue ( fatigue ) - abnormal dreams - swelling of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( 73 - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - constipation - vomiting - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia - abnormal dreams - constipation - vomiting - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia - increased sex drive - constipation - vomiting - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia - increased sex drive - delusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - amnesia ( memory disturbance ) - hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still ) - weight increase - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - weight increase - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* delusion ( amnesia ) - memory loss - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - weight increase - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* hallucinations ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): weight loss and decreased appetite ( anorexia ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* hallucinations ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): weight loss dehydration ( low blood pressure ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - back pain - back pain - increased tear production - dry eye - increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - detachment of the eye - blurred vision - eye redness - eyelid irritation - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased tear production - dry eye - increased need to urinate at night - dry eye - increased need to urinate at night - dry eye - increased or increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased tear production in the eye - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased or increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - effects on vision , eye redness , eye redness , eye redness , dry eye , dry eye - increased tear production . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye redness - blurred vision , eye pain , increased sensitivity to light - dry eye , dry eye - increased or itchy itchy patches on the surface of the eye - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye redness - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye discomfort - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased need to urinate at night - hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye redness - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye discomfort - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased need of water to urinate uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye swelling - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye irritation - dry eye - increased tear production - itchy eye - itchy eyes - increased need to urinate at night - hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye redness , eyelid irritation , eye pain , increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased need to urinate at night - hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye swelling - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye discomfort - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased need to urinate at night - hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye swelling - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye discomfort - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased need to urinate at night - hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye swelling - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye discomfort - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased need to urinate at night - hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye swelling - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye discomfort - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased need to urinate at night - hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye swelling - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye discomfort - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased need to urinate at night - hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye swelling - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye discomfort - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased need to urinate at night - hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye swelling - blurred vision - eye irritation - visual disturbances - eye
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of liver problem ), if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature , a high temperature and a high temperature and a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : severe rash , which may be accompanied by a high temperature - increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : severe rash , which may be accompanied by a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : severe rash , which may be accompanied by a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : severe rash , or a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives or hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives or hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain and / or painful throat pain in your mouth or throat ( signs of this may be a urinary tract infection ) signs of glaucoma ( blurred vision , clouding of the lens or pain in the upper chest ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain or glaucoma ( low blood pressure ) swelling in your mouth and throat ( possible signs of glaucoma ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) glaucoma ( blurred vision clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of glaucoma ) blurred vision clouding of the lens of your eye ( cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients receiving nucala . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , throat , skin rashes , itching chest tightness , tightness of chest chest tightness , cough , immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue ; - swelling of the face , throat or tongue - tightness of chest pain - cough - immediately with symptoms such as : - fever - low blood pressure which may make you feel a_drop_in_blood_pressure) or have a quickened heartbeat . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - cough - stomach pain - discomfort or discomfort in the area around the mouth ( sinusitis ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain ( urinary tract infection ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain ( urinary tract infection ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be seen in blood tests ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be seen in blood tests ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of blood in the urine ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , dry mouth , nasal congestion , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), low white blood cell count , neutrophils , upper respiratory infection , neutrophils , fungal infection , respiratory_tract , fungal infection , respiratory_tract red blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , fungal infection , neutropenia , fungal infection , respiratory_tract red blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , fungal infection , neutropenia , fungal infection , fungal infection , neutropenia , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or burning sensation in the arms or legs , dry mouth , nasal congestion , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased levels of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the arms or legs , dry mouth , nasal congestion , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), low white blood cell count , neutrophils , upper respiratory infection , neutrophils , fungal infection , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) and neutropenia ( neutropenia ), low blood sugar ( neutrophils ), upper respiratory tract infection , neutrophils , upper respiratory infection , respiratory_tract red blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , fungal infection , neutropenia , fungal infection , respiratory_tract red blood cells , neutropenia , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the mouth , dry mouth , nasal congestion , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), low white blood cell count , neutrophils , upper respiratory infection , neutrophils , fungal infection , respiratory_tract , fungal infection , respiratory_tract red blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , fungal infection , neutropenia , fungal infection , fungal infection , neutropenia , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as itchy rash , hives , severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or wheezing , symptoms such as itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be symptoms of a rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , you should tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain and stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , pain or stomach pain . symptoms of rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain and stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , pain or stomach pain . symptoms of rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach and stomach pain . some patients have had stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain and stomach pain . stomach and stomach pain . pain in your stomach or stomach . symptoms include : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , stomach and stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach and stomach pain . some symptoms have had stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , or stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain . stomach pain or stomach pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . stomach pain or pain . your doctor will tell you how to treat this . stomach pain or pain . your doctor will tell you how to treat any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , stomach and stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach and stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach and stomach pain . some symptoms are more likely to get symptoms such as rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , symptoms of rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , severe allergic reactions , which may be symptoms of rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following allergic reactions as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : if you experience an allergic reaction , including itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : itching and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) liver problems such as nausea , drowsiness , dizziness , confusion , abnormal behaviour , change in mood or behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , nightmares , hallucinations , hallucinations , double vision , or other uncontrolled movements ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more periods ), speech disorders , speech disorder , numbness , or tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( malaise ) ( malaise ), allergic reactions , difficulty in breathing and feeling faint . your doctor will tell you how to treat a allergic reaction . the signs may include : a rash , itching or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . increase of liver enzymes . liver problems . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
