like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , diarrhoea , tiredness , fatigue , metallic taste reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anaemia low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue increased blood pressure , diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea rash , abnormal taste reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following serious side effects - liver problems such as liver failure , liver blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( autoimmune_haemolytic_anaemia ) which are important in fighting tests . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from zinbryta are : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - flu ( influenza ) - bronchitis - decrease in the number of white blood cells or diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - upset and increase in liver enzymes - liver enzymes - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - eczema - eczema - 41 - stomach pain - eczema ( folliculitis ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( tonsillitis ) - skin reactions ( folliculitis ) - yellow skin ( angioedema ) - skin reactions ( including fatal - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ) - liver failure - liver failure - liver failure - low level of magnesium in the blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice the following side effects , as these may be signs of side effects : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( affects 1 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with wilzin were : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with wilzin were : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with wilzin were : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with wilzin were : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with wilzin were : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects reported with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - inflammation of the pancreas , which may be severe and require urgent medical attention . - if you get symptoms more easily during treatment with biktarvy , you may experience some of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of inflammation of the urinary tract . - if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - problems with your nerves such as pains , muscle aches , joint aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) - difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - inflammation of the pancreas , which may be severe and require urgent medical attention . - if you get symptoms more easily during treatment with biktarvy , you may experience some of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of inflammation of the urinary tract . - if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - problems with your nerves such as pains , muscle aches , joint aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) - difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating or anaphylactic shock . other side effects may include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating or anaphylactic shock . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , hypoglycaemia abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash ( rash ) rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , pumarix can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects observed in association with the use of pumarix are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical attention . stop taking pumarix and contact a doctor immediately allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , including an allergic reaction to shock , which may be life threatening and require shock . - if you experience raised red or purple skin spots ( urticaria ) or hives contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of shock . - shock ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site pain - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - 10_people_pain may cause bruising at the injection site where the injection is given - itching where the injection is given - itching - feeling sick ( stomach pain ) - joint pain - muscle spasms - flu - like symptoms , such as inflammation or bruising at the injection site - unusual bruising or bruising at the injection site - unusual bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ( vasculitis ) - skin rashes - joint or muscle pain - muscle spasms rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. - inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ) - skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain - feeling of pressure . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - painful bleeding or redness of the skin ( vasculitis ), skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . - inability to urinate . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. - inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . - inability to have or maintain an erection . - redness or bruising of the skin ( vasculitis ). - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes . - inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . - flu - like symptoms . - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and difficulty in breathing . - if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and difficulty in breathing . - if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). symptoms may include itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or stinging , itching or itching at the injection site . if this happens to you , tell your doctor immediately . cancer and development of cancer events can be treated with somakit_toc . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by afinitor are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - passing urine - loss of hair - swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - loss of hair - swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - loss of hair - swelling ( palms and palms of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ) - dark urine or dark urine - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking laventair_ellipta and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) or hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in swelling , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause coughing or difficulty breathing or swallowing , light - headedness , dizziness , headache , pain in the upper abdomen or throat , difficulty in breathing or dizziness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heartbeat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision increase in the amount of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) glaucoma ( difficulty in breathing ) chest pain ( angina pectoris ) glaucoma ( difficulty breathing ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness headache reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . signs of allergic reaction include headache , joint pain , arthralgia ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . signs of allergic reaction include headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing ), serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , 36 , vomiting , nausea ( nausea ), skin rashes ( including joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , tiredness or bruising ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection at the injection site , skin rashes , blood in the urine , fluid retention or bruising ( possible signs of low level of blood platelets ) nausea , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , muscle pain , tiredness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection at the injection site , skin rashes , blood in the urine , fluid retention or bruising ( possible signs of kidney problems ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , nose bleed , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , 36 , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , back pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , tiredness , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), blood in urine , bruising or bleeding at injection site , fluid retention ( nausea , vomiting ), decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , tiredness , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), blood in urine , bruising , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea , vomiting ), decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , back pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain , back pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain , back pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) abnormal feeling in the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the mouth and throat , irritation or irritation in the mouth and / or throat and / or duodenum feeling of pressure in the mouth and / or throat increased blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain or other symptoms of severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or severe rash ); inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or inflammation of the pancreas ); severe abdominal pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or inflammation of the pancreas ); severe abdominal pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain );
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diabetes_mellitus mellitus , increased blood pressure , difficulty in sleeping , headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain or discomfort , changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): cold , increased blood pressure , bleeding in the nose , increased tear production , increased acidity of the blood , decreased appetite , increased acidity of the blood , other changes in the blood salts ( seen in blood tests ), nausea , confusion , disorientation , depression , mood changes , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorder , fits , disturbances in consciousness , tingling and numbness ( sometimes painful ) in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye_disorders , red eyes , bleeding from the nose , reduced blood pressure , rapid or irregular heartbeat , bleeding in the gut , cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach inflammation , inflammation , ulcer , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation or ulcer in the mouth , inflammation of the sinuses , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ) skin_rash may cause a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . skin_rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or burning ) or fever , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of 7 . if you experience allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately . if you experience an allergic reaction , the signs may include hives , rash , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , dizziness , headache , nausea , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain or tenderness , or pain at the site of injection . the infusion may be continued . the infusion reactions can be avoided by changing the infusion site at each site , the injection may need to be slowed down or stopped . the side effects listed below have occurred with the following frequencies : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden dizziness . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause swelling of the face or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause swelling of the face or throat . if you experience any of the symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , local rash ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ), which may include swelling of the face , face , throat or at the injection site , hives , local rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience dizziness , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden dizziness . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , extreme tiredness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , nausea , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , tenderness or pain at the site of injection . the infusion reaction can be avoided by changing the infusion site at each injection ( injection site rotation ) the side effects marked with "*" have been given with other medicines containing other medicines . the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after 7 is given routinely every year to prevent seasonal flu - like symptoms , such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , hives , red skin , wheezing or tightness of the chest , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , headache , nausea , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , tenderness or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at injection site . the reaction other side effects may occur at least up to 7 days after a few weeks . the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after 7 is given in adults . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - signs of infection such as fever , chills , difficult or shallow breathing , cough , breathing , or loss of consciousness . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your skin . - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . pain , swelling , and redness of the skin ) - joint pain or skin rashes . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of remicade is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - pale skin - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , or any other signs of infection , especially if you do not feel better , you should seek immediate medical advice . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , or any other signs of an allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . pain , swelling , and redness of the skin ) - joint pain and skin rashes can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop taking rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : 24 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation , dry mouth , headache , and decreased appetite . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . headache joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle and joint pain ( myalgia ) numbness or numbness of the arm or leg ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) changes in the sense of taste , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite weight loss ( alopecia ) weight loss ( alopecia ) headache joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) numbness or pain in hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) inability to have or maintain an erection weight loss , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) changes in the sense of taste , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) changes in the sense of taste , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint pain ( arthritis ), joint or muscle pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( hand - barré syndrome ), inability to pass urine during the night , abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal pins and needles ) in hands or feet , abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), muscle spasms , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) during the night , abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), joint or muscle pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) during the night , abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), joint or muscle pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) during the night , abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), joint or muscle pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) during the night , abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), joint or muscle pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) or other effects reported with other side effects in children and adolescents adolescents aged 24 years and older experienced the side effects in children and adolescents of 24 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common : - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - constipation - dry mouth - headache - abnormal dreams if you get any symptoms of infection such as headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), - muscle cramps , joint ( musculoskeletal ) pain , joint or muscle pain , painful joints , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - changes in mood - confusion , constipation , dry mouth
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and need medical attention . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause fever , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or coughing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a skin condition called symptoms that may indicate a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction , - itching , - trouble breathing , or swallowing , dizziness or itchy_reddish-purple_skin_rash , which may be signs of heart attack or irregular heart beat , blood clot in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), which may be a sign of blood disorders such as persistent scarring , bruising , bleeding or paleness the symptoms described above can be signs of the below listed side effects , which have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infections , pneumonia ) - headache - abdominal ( belly ) pain - nausea and vomiting - severe allergic reactions - nausea ( vomiting ) - allergic reactions - hair loss - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems - scarring of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - severe allergic reactions with symptoms such as severe rash , itching , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or paralysis on the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( nausea , vomiting , hypersensitivity ) - hair loss , eczema , increased sweating , night sweats - muscle spasms , blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests , kidney problems including scarring , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as severe rash , itching , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or paralysis on the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( nausea , vomiting , hypersensitivity ) - hair loss , eczema , increased sweating , night sweats - muscle spasms , blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests , kidney problems including scarring , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as severe rash , itching , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or paralysis on the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infections , pneumonia ) - headache - abdominal ( belly ) pain - nausea and vomiting - allergic reactions - hair loss - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in blood - kidney problems - scarring of the urinary bladder - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , chest tightness , breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness and coma . the following side effects have been observed with dzuveo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , indigestion , bloating , flatulence , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , constipation , flatulence , constipation , constipation , - increased blood pressure , - nose bleed , - stomach pain , - gastritis , vomiting , stomach_pain , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or belching ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , shortness of breath , chest chest pain ( which may be a sign of heart problems ) treatment with erleada may cause the following additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , tired , chest pain or discomfort , shortness of breath , and / or shortness of breath , which may be accompanied by fever and 43 during treatment with treatment . your doctor may recommend you to decrease your dose and / or give you additional medicines to reduce the reaction . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . blisters and peeling of the top layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired or tired , shortness of breath , weight loss 43 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high level of cholesterol in the blood 43 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): high level of cholesterol in the blood 43 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). in clinical studies with axumin , the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , feeling jittery , abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , upset stomach , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , rash , itching , pain in the arms or legs , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), redness and swelling at the application site . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : changes in heart rate , rapid heartbeat , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal feeling in the skin , feeling dizzy , increased heart rate , high blood pressure , stuffy nose , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity back pain , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling , flu - like symptoms , swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , pain in extremity , back pain , frequent urination , difficulty sleeping , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . the following side effects have been observed with azopt : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : changes in heart rate , rapid heartbeat , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults and adolescents . decreased heart rate and heart rhythm disturbances , stuffy nose , upset stomach , taste disturbance , inflammation of the sinuses , itching , feeling generally unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity pain in the joints , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , pain in extremity , back pain , frequent urination , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : changes in heart rate , rapid heartbeat , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . feeling of increased heart rate , fast heart beat , nasal aminotransferase , stuffy nose , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity back pain , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling , flu - like symptoms , swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , pain in extremity , back pain , feeling cold , low blood pressure , feeling anxious , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : changes in perception of self , rapid heartbeat , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal feeling in the skin , feeling dizzy or having blurred vision , increased heart rate , nasal impairment , stuffy nose , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling , flu - like symptoms , swelling , flu - like symptoms , pain , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , pain in extremity , back pain ( arthralgia ), pain in extremity , flu - like illness , weight loss , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : changes in perception of self , rapid heartbeat , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . feeling of increased heart rate , increased heart rate , upset stomach , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling , flu - like symptoms , pain , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , pain in extremity , back pain ( arthralgia ), pain in extremity , flu - like symptoms , weight loss , altered urination , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorders ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . 75 75 may cause low blood sugar , shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or other changes in your vision . feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : inject too much 75 75 75 or taking 75 . signs of low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or other changes in your mood feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . 75 a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin may cause a low blood sugar . shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or other changes in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation or irritation in the mouth , teeth or jaw , irritation or itching of the skin , or pain in the abdomen , back or back pain passing water ( urine ), passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , pain , chest discomfort , feeling of weakness or weakness , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site , low blood pressure , weight loss , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss decreased appetite . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , chest pain , cough , throat discomfort , upset stomach , indigestion , constipation , diarrhoea , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss or thinning , dry skin , hair loss or thinning , muscle spasms , frequent urination , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , fatigue , chills and blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , flushing , skin_rash skin rash , acne , skin pain , discomfort in the mouth , throat pain and throat irritation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye , inflammation ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate , bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the stomach or bowels ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin_redness hair loss , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye , inflammation ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate , bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the stomach or bowels ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or abdomen ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin discolouration , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or abdomen ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin discolouration , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or abdomen ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or abdomen ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or abdomen ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by mvasi are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . allergic reactions to bevacizumab may include allergic reactions , the signs of which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or a rash , fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite , and tiredness . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : decrease in the number of white blood cells or cells that help the blood to clot ( cells that help the blood to clot ) sometimes with feeling weak or energy * tiredness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . the severity of side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : decrease in the number of white blood cells or cells that help the blood to clot ( cells that help the blood to clot ) feeling weak and having a tendency to develop tiredness , tiredness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) white blood cells decrease in the number of white blood cells or cells that help the blood to clot ( cells that help the blood to clot ) sometimes with feeling weak , having no energy , tiredness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , and yellowing of the skin and the whites of your stomach or gut , unusually dark urine , or possible signs of heart problems difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( potential signs of low levels of white blood cells ) difficulty in breathing chest pain or shortness of breath low blood pressure ( which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may make you feel faint or have a high temperature ) chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ) chest pain or difficulty in breathing if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach ( abdominal ) pain , stomach or gut problems ( including tooth or cold ), damage to the gut ( including cold , cold , or gut ) abnormal blood tests , which may cause difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( potential signs of low blood pressure ) chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ) chest pain or difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain and stomach ( abdominal ) pain , stomach or gut problems , including : cold ( stomatitis ) problems with wound or balance ( including difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ) low blood pressure ( which may make you feel faint or have a high temperature ) chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ) chest pain or difficulty in breathing if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach ( abdominal ) pain , stomach or gut problems ( including tooth or cold ), damage
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( symptoms include cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing ), - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may be signs of a serious condition called cytokine release syndrome which may be fatal . - a serious condition called cytokine release syndrome which may be life threatening or life - threatening . other possible side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low level of blood platelets ( diarrhoea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood , - night sweats - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms include a serious condition called " sepsis " ( symptoms include fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections ) tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms of an infection or a severe infection of the urinary tract , e . g . fever or chills tell your doctor immediately if you get a skin rash or any signs of kidney problems , or if you have kidney failure , which may be signs of kidney problems - if you have kidney failure , tell your doctor immediately if you have kidney failure , such as painful urination , shortness of breath or rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , or light - headedness - blood clots in the veins of the legs or lungs . - a condition called blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( deep vein thrombosis ). symptoms may include blood in your urine , fever or chills contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects listed above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low level of blood platelets - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in your blood - loss of appetite - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms and symptoms of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( a condition where the body ' s immune system attacks the body ) - fever - chills - rapid breathing - infections which may be symptoms of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( a condition where the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - skin rash . - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( skull ). symptoms include : - shortness of breath , rapid heartbeat , light - headedness , irregular heartbeat , light - coloured urine , fluid accumulation in the lung , fluid accumulation in the lung , fluid in the lungs , or in the lung , which may be symptoms of a condition called pulmonary oedema ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) other possible side effects other side effects include those listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low numbers of white blood cells with diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood , - night sweats - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms include a serious condition called " sepsis " ( symptoms include fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections ) tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop symptoms of a condition called kidney failure , which may be life - threatening . - skin rash and may be life - threatening . - blood clots in the veins of the legs or lungs . - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( skull ). symptoms include : - shortness of breath , rapid heartbeat , light - headedness , irregular heartbeat , light - coloured urine , fluid accumulation in the lung , fluid accumulation in the lung , - fluid accumulation in the lung , or other parts of the skull - symptoms of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( a condition that occurs when the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including hives , itching , blistering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash , itching , increased tendency to bruise hives , itching rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), joint pain , joint pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin and a metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache 64 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), joint pain , joint pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin and a metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache 64 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), joint pain , joint pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin and a metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache 64 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), joint pain , joint pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin and a metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache 64 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), joint pain , joint pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin and a metformin : common : swelling of the hands
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with pancreatic_enzymes treatment ( may affect more than an_injection_of_glucagon in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including anaphylactic reaction , the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing feeling feel_unwell or having sweating , nausea or vomiting . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , itching or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or if you experience a rash , fever or blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other symptoms such as : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you experience a cough , fever and blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other allergic reactions such as a rash , itching or swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other symptoms such as : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you experience a rash , itching or a swollen face or blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other allergic reactions such as a rash , itching , or swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other symptoms such as : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare severe swelling of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other symptoms such as : - itching of the skin ( angioedema ) - pain , swelling and / or redness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - severe diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - severe diarrhoea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , dry skin - eye inflammation - back pain - eye inflammation - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - redness , peeling , pain and swelling - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - increased liver enzymes seen in blood tests - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 49 - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , dry mouth , fever and inflammation - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - a severe , life - threatening rash with fever and / or inflammation on the skin ( such as peeling , pain , swelling and redness ) may occur . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - severe constipation - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , dry skin - eye inflammation - back pain - eye inflammation - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - 49 - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , dry mouth , fever and inflammation - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - a severe , life - threatening rash with fever and inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), which may be fatal , - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash or redness of the side effects after taking ivacaftor : tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , shortness of breath , cough , headache , abdominal pain . the following side effects have been observed with ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , upper respiratory tract infection , cough , abdominal pain , nausea , increased liver enzymes in blood tests , low levels of blood platelets , redness , rash , pain and increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear pain ), ear pain , ear pain , ear discomfort , ear pain , ear pain , ear pain , ear pain , ear pain , ear pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear pain ), blocked nose , blocked nose , ear inflammation , ear pain , ear inflammation , ear or eyes , inflammation of the lining of the voice , ear or eyes , loss of appetite , pain , increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) rash , redness , pain in an area of an increase of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the ear ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding , bruising , bleeding , and a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) or in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) pale skin , fast heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions ( including itchy rash and hives ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity reactions ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity reactions ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( including difficulty breathing or swallowing ) and dizziness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , pale skin , fast heart beat , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , neutropenia , low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia low white blood cell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid pulse , or rapid heartbeat , o feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting or sweating . these symptoms may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction , which may be life - threatening . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , feeling hot , vomiting or sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction , which may be life - threatening . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering . you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular_heartbeat heart tracing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting or sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of the treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , and shivering . these symptoms can be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction , which may be life - threatening . fever , shivering , sweating , rapid breathing , heart_attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of the treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering . you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness or itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering . you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness or itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering . you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your raised_itchy_areas_of_skin with or without pain , bruising , swelling , bruising , swelling or pain at the site of the injection . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , redness , swelling or pain at the site of the injection . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness or irritation ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach or mouth , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ), 37 , irritation , pain , redness or irritation at the site of injection . this usually clears up in a few days without a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness or irritation ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach or mouth , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ), 37 , irritation , pain , redness or irritation . reactions at the injection site ( such as injection site swelling , redness , swelling , swelling or irritation ). this can spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually disappear in a few days to a few weeks . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ), ohss ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness or irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach or mouth , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ), 37 , irritation , pain , redness or irritation . reactions at the injection site ( such as injection site swelling , injection site pain , redness , redness , swelling and irritation ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days . feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ), 37 , irritation or pain , redness or irritation . reactions at the injection site ( such as injection site swelling , such as redness , swelling , swelling or irritation ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic or skin reactions such as : swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , itchy , bumpy rash ( hives ) or a fever , chills , chills , swelling of the face or lips , agitation , confusion , depression , or depression , serious inflammation of the skin or mucous membranes ( e . g . mouth ulcers , agitation , confusion ) and depression , or depression . signs include serious nervous system problems such as : o swelling of the eyelid or eyelid ( angioedema ) or swelling around the subcutaneous_tissue area of the subcutaneous_tissue which may be a sign of a blood clot in a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic or allergic reactions such as : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat , itchy rash , fever , fever , chills , swelling of the face or lips , agitation , confusion , depression , or depression . signs of inflammation of the brain ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ) may be a sign of a blood clot in a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : allergic or allergic reactions such as : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat , which may cause itchy bumps , fever , chills , swelling of the face or lips , lips , tongue or eyes , agitation , confusion , depression , or depression . severe infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin ( an uncommon side effect , which may lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction ), or a rash , fever , chills , swelling of the face or lips , lips , tongue or eyes , agitation , confusion , depression , and depression . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ); agitation ; confusion ; depression ; serious allergic reactions ( e .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using mvabea and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling where the injection is given generalised itching . these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , and pain where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth or itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling or warmth . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth or pain where the injection is given . warmth . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . most of the following side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . if your child gets any of the following , stop taking bondronat and talk to your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or blood in your urine 59 - shivering or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . - severe allergic reactions ( frequency not known ): - sudden loss of consciousness ( frequency rare ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - painful and frequent urination - feeling dizzy feeling drowsy or tired - sore throat - lack of energy ( asthenia ) - lack of energy ( asthenia ) 59 - a burning sensation in your mouth and / or throat - swelling of your hands , feet or ankles - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling of your arms or legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling of your arms or legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling of your arms or legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in arms or legs - swelling in arms or legs - swelling in your arms and legs - blood in your urine - protein in your urine reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , drop in blood pressure , breathlessness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised , raised patches in your mouth or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) flu ( influenza ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) chest pain constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heartbeat ( fractures ) breast enlargement in men not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking zinforo and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue . severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) flu - like symptoms , which may be a sign of severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , anaphylaxis ). flu - like symptoms , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get a severe allergic reaction , including itching and swelling , or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with breathing and / or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and anaphylaxis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get a severe allergic reaction , including itching and swelling , or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with breathing and / or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and anaphylaxis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get a severe allergic reaction , including itching and swelling , or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with breathing and / or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and anaphylaxis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) if you get a severe allergic reaction , including itching and swelling , or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with breathing and / or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and anaphylaxis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) if you get a severe allergic reaction , including itching and swelling , or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with breathing and / or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and anaphylaxis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) if you get a severe allergic reaction , including itching and swelling , or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and anaphylaxis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a severe allergic reaction characterised by itching , swelling and / or swelling of the tissues of the mouth and / or throat , which may be accompanied by feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . these may be signs of an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes known as shown in tests . the following side effects have been reported with zinforo : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a decrease in the levels of some liver enzymes in your blood . if you get stomach pain , being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), stomach pain or pain , irritation , itching or bruising - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in some enzymes ( creatinine ) in your blood - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in some enzymes ( creatinine ) in your blood - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in some enzymes ( creatinine ) in your blood - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in some enzymes ( creatinine ) in your blood - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include pain_in_limb ( such as swollen face , tongue or throat ), swollen face , swollen tongue , swollen_face ( blister ), itchiness , hives , runny nose , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , snoring , generalised swelling of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abnormal thinking , change in vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss , dilated pupils , cross eyes / red eyes , cold sweat , inflammation of the pancreas , difficulty in swallowing , large respiratory tract , difficulty with writing properly , sudden decrease in blood pressure and convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ). jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you should stop taking xadago and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) headache , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle stiffness or pain , and decrease in blood pressure . these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . if you do get any of these effects , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): high blood pressure ( hypotension ) headache , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle stiffness and pain , and reduced consciousness . these effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these effects are normally mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . if you get any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : pain or loss of sensation or cramps , stiffness or stiffness neck pain , chest pain and increased blood pressure ( hypertension ). uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) pneumonia ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience heart attack or irregular heartbeat , particularly if you experience partial loss of vision , headache , confusion , fear , restlessness , feeling sleepy , temporary loss of consciousness , fainting , high or low blood pressure , fast heartbeat and fast heart rate ( hypertension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in patients with high blood pressure ( hypotension ) and bruising . blood clots ( thromboembolism ) may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . if you get side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( heart failure ) breathing difficulties or breathing may be a sign of an allergic reaction , chest pain and a rapid heart beat or an extra heart beat ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( sepsis ) ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). severe infections ( sepsis ) have been reported with prednisolone use of prednisolone or prednisolone ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking zytiga and talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . arrhythmia may cause palpitations ( seeing or hearing things that are not real ) abnormal heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has also been seen in patients receiving zytiga . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) may occur when taken is taken in combination with zytiga . heart rhythm changes ( qt prolongation , qt interval prolongation , arrhythmia or palpitations ). irregular heart beat ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( awareness of heart beat ) heart rhythm disturbances ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) palpitations ( fast heart rate ) changes to heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) high or low blood pressure changes to heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) high or low blood pressure changes to heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart_failure ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention ). tremor , neuropathy ( unusual muscle movements ), tremor , neuropathy ( loss of vision ), stroke , loss of consciousness , buzzing on consciousness , sudden fall or loss of hearing , buzzing or sensation of balance , buzzing or sensation of balance , buzzing or sensation of balance , buzzing or sensation of balance , buzzing or sensation of balance , buzzing or sensation of balance , buzzing or sensation of balance , buzzing or sensation of heart beating irregularly such as shortness of breath or difficulty in breathing ( potential signs of lung problems ) inflammation of the pancreas , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion or pulmonary oedema ), shortness of breath or ankle_swelling , blood clots in the lungs ( blockage in the artery of the lung ) or pulmonary embolism ( blockage in an artery of the lung ) or pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ). talk to your doctor if you develop a serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , angioedema ( angioedema ), facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , angioedema ( angioedema ) skin reactions ( erythema multiforme ), lichenoid reactions ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash and / or threadlike white - grey lines on mucous membranes ) and allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause severe blistering and skin lesions and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). if you get any of these , , or if you notice any of the above signs or signs of liver problems : if you experience shortness of breath or if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . severe allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported in patients who have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ( a type of rash on the skin ) have also been reported . allergic reactions may include yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with central blisters ( erythema syndrome ), which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by angioedema and flu - like symptoms . stop using hefiya if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . you may experience the following additional side effects : heart problems : shortness of breath or ankle inflammation , which may be due to blood clots in the veins of the lung , blockage of a blood vessel , blockage of a vein or a tear in a blood vessel wall or artery ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your other_medicines . stop using ritemvia and see a doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction to the infusion , such as an infusion - related reaction , which are extremely serious and require immediate medical attention . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your infusion rate . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your infusion rate . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to occur at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your infusion rate . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if these reactions are serious . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : hives ( skin reactions , which may be severe and potentially life - threatening ) redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis low number of white blood cells , bronchitis , white blood cells and / or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infections ) and platelets allergic reactions which may include unusual itching and hives ( often called " redness and peeling of the top layer of the skin , which may be accompanied by itching , hives , feeling weak or tired ) are less likely to occur if you have infections , especially if you feel dizzy or have a quickened infections . infections can be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . infections of the urinary tract ( e . g . low level of red blood cells ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) low level of platelets allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and mouth , high levels of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood unusual feelings of the skin such as numbness , tingling , pricking , burning , or burning sensation feeling tired or dizzy , being short of breath when you stand up fainting you may be more likely to get infections if you : have stopped taking other medicines for the treatment of mantle cell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : chills or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). nausea ( feeling sick ) or being sick ( fever ) if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling dizzy or dizzy when you are not there . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . if you do not feel better , you should seek immediate medical advice . dizziness and fainting are more likely to occur if you are not sure , you should seek immediate medical advice . dizziness and fainting are more likely to occur if you are not sure . you should not become better while you are taking this medicine . if you are given a medicine to treat dizziness , you must not become complications at the same time . if you do not respond to complications , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you notice any of the following , you may need urgent medical attention . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , including difficulty breathing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug oedema , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or increased thirst . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , including difficulty breathing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug oedema , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or increased thirst . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , including difficulty breathing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug oedema , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or increased thirst . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , chills or hives , allergic reaction with symptoms such as chills , wheezing , low blood pressure , dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the injection site . in addition , your doctor may do changes in your blood and urine test results ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled fever , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - chills , - severe dizziness , - severe dizziness , - confusion , - seizures , - vomiting , - abdominal pain or difficulty in breathing , - severe nausea , vomiting , vomiting , abdominal pain , - difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools . - severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes and hives tell your doctor immediately if you experience serious allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) such as rashes and hives tell your doctor immediately if you experience serious allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience partial loss of vision , or swelling_of_the_eyelids you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , feeling sick , sick , vomiting , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands or feet , feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): diarrhoea , 75 , stomach ache , indigestion , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , feeling tired . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , small red or purple spots under the skin , hives ( itchy red welts on the skin ), hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin , hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin ( erythema ), hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ) and hives ( urticaria ) and itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , small red or purple spots under the skin , hives ( red spots on the skin ), hives , red spots on the skin , hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin , hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin ( erythema ), hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ) and hives ( urticaria ) and itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , small red or purple spots under the skin , hives ( itchy red welts on the skin ), hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin , hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin , hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin ( erythema ), hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ) and hives ( urticaria ) and itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ) and hives ( urticaria ) and itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , small red or purple spots under the skin , hives ( itchy red welts on the skin ), hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin , hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin , hives ( urticaria ), red spots on the skin ( erythema ), hives , red or purple spots on the skin ( erythema ), hives , red or purple spots on the skin , fainting , seizures ( fits ), speech disorders , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , fainting , seizures , speech disturbance , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , fainting , seizures , speech disturbance , swelling of the face or throat , swelling of the face or throat , fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) means that there is not enough sugar in patients with hypoglycaemia . symptoms may include : hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating or anaphylactic shock . other side effects may include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating or anaphylactic shock . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash ( rash ) 31 stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash ( rash ), visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent stomach or gut pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , tiredness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding ) increased blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung ( pneumonia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , gastro - intestinal infection , nose or gut , gut pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , tiredness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding , caused by a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), nose bleed , pain , fever , shivering , blurred vision , kidney failure , joint pain , and pain ( including increased need to urinate at night ), pain , redness , bruising and bleeding ( haematoma ), runny nose ( sore throat ), hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the mucous membrane of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ), diverticulitis ( bleeding or bleeding in the stomach or bowels ), heartbeat , shaking ( feeling of shaking , blurred vision , and loss of vision ), blurred vision , loss of hair , pain , redness , bruising or bleeding ( haematoma ), runny nose , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding from the stomach or bowels ), abnormal laboratory test results ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums , nose bleed , hair loss , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the inner lining of the stomach ( gastritis ) ( peripheral oedema ) ( diverticulitis ) or bleeding ( including bleeding from the gums , nose , mouth and / or throat ), diverticulitis ( bleeding or bleeding in the stomach or bowels ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the bowels or stomach ), urinary tract infection ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bleeding or bleeding from the gums ), nose bleed , hair loss ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ) abnormal protein in the urine ( diverticulitis ), bleeding or bleeding in the gut ( pulmonary haemorrhage ), diverticulitis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness or tingling sensation , stinging or stinging in the mouth , or other parts of the body . runny or stuffy nose , upset stomach , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , joint pain , muscle spasm , difficulty in passing urine , difficulty in passing urine , pain in the arms or legs , itching , loss of hair sensation , swelling around the eye , eyelid swelling , irritation , taste disturbances , redness of the skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the blood and nervous system disorders : heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots in the veins in the eyelash , loss of blood supply to the heart , accumulation of fluid around the heart , loss of blood supply to the brain , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart rate , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , blurred vision heart attack , slow heart rate , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , abnormal sense of taste . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects : allergy , visual disturbances , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots in the veins in the eyelash , loss of blood supply to the heart , accumulation of fluid around the heart , loss of blood supply to the brain , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart rate , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , redness of the eye , double vision , difficulty in swallowing , abnormal sense of smell , abnormal liver function , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , loss of hair , rash , abnormal liver function , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , loss of eyelashes , sensitivity to light , abnormal liver function , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , loss of hair , sensitivity to light , abnormal liver function , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , loss of hair , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects : allergy , visual disturbances , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots in the veins in the legs , fluid around the heart , loss of blood supply to the heart , accumulation of fluid around the heart , loss of blood supply to the brain , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart rate , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , blurred vision heart failure , heart attack , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal liver function , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , increased bilirubin in the blood , skin rash , inflammation of the fatty tissue under the skin , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) upper respiratory tract infection , such as sore throat and runny nose ( rhinorrhoea ), stomach pain ( rhinorrhoea ), stomach pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion , abdominal pain , wind ( flatulence ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , bone pain , discomfort or discomfort in the arms or legs ( signs of chest pain ), blood tests may show changes in the amount of urea in your blood , high level of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of blood platelets , allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ), feeling faint ( malaise ), difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), muscle spasm , abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , feeling of weakness ( malaise ), pain in the arms or legs ( signs of chest pain ), blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called immunoglobulins ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( seen in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in the blood ( seen in tests ) decreases in the amount of red blood cells in the blood ( seen in tests ) decreases in the amount of red blood cells in the blood ( seen in tests ) decreases in the amount of red blood cells in the blood ( seen in tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face or throat ), swelling of the face , feeling hot ( malaise ), visual disturbances , muscle spasm , abnormal hair texture , abnormal_hair_growth , pain in the chest ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscular pain , feeling of weakness ( malaise ), pain in the arms or legs ( chest pain ), chest pain , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like illness , allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , feeling faint / malaise ), visual disturbances , muscle spasm , abnormal hair texture , abnormal_hair_growth , pain in the arms or legs ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscular pain ( arthralgia ), muscular pain , feeling of weakness ( malaise ), pain in the arms or legs ( chest pain ), chest pain , urinary incontinence ( inability to get or maintain an erection ), weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face or throat ), swelling of the face , feeling hot ( malaise ), visual disturbances , muscle spasm , abnormal hair texture , abnormal_hair_growth , pain in the chest ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscular pain , feeling of weakness ( malaise ), pain in the arms or legs ( chest pain ), chest pain , urinary incontinence ( inability to get or maintain an erection ), weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face or throat ), swelling of the face , feeling hot ( malaise ), visual disturbances , muscle spasm , abnormal hair texture , abnormal_hair_growth , pain in the chest ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscular pain , feeling of weakness ( malaise ), pain in the arms or legs ( chest pain ), chest pain , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face or throat ), swelling of the face , feeling hot ( malaise ), visual disturbances , muscle spasm , abnormal hair texture , abnormal_hair_growth , pain in the chest ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscular pain , feeling of weakness ( malaise ), pain in the arms or legs ( chest
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your blood pressure are usually mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness or fainting when your blood pressure is usually mild to moderate . these may be signs of a low level of blood potassium in the blood ( copd ). cough , shortness of breath , wheezing or asthma , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle tightness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , cough , throat irritation and mouth ulcers , dry mouth , tiredness and a decrease in the levels of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness , fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased consciousness , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , tiredness and a decrease in your blood pressure . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased blood pressure , dry_eyes , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , cough , throat irritation , mouth ulcers , dry mouth , tiredness and a decrease in the levels of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness , fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased consciousness , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine . increased levels of calcium in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness , fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth or fainting . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . abnormal behaviour . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness , fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting . your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine . increased levels of calcium in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath or wheezing , asthma , faintness , fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth or fainting . your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - sleepiness ( sleepiness ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - the stomach or gut usually caused by an infection ( vomiting ) - stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , - rash , itching - raised itchy bumps on the body ( urticaria ) - hair loss - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache , joint pain and dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting abdominal pain inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain abnormal dreams cough dizziness headache palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain palpitations ( dizziness , 34 ) palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain palpitations ( dizziness , 34 ) increased sweating muscle pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestine being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting abdominal pain inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) stomach pain ( including abdominal pain ) headache dizziness headache palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain palpitations ( dizziness , 34 - oesophageal reflux ) acid reflux disease joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) abnormal dreams difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) stomach pain 34 dizziness , headache palpitations ( palpitations ) pain in the mouth and throat reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , chills , weakness , shortness of breath , confusion or collapse , you should see a doctor immediately ( see section 2 ). - if you experience such_symptoms or any of the above symptoms : - fever , - chills , - weakness , - shortness of breath , confusion or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . - osteonecrosis has also very rarely been seen occurring with other bones than the jaw , especially the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . - low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , anaemia , headache and / or fatigue . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . - osteonecrosis has also very rarely been seen occurring with other bones than the jaw , especially the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . - low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of a low white blood cell count ( platelets ), which may be associated with a high temperature , and muscle weakness - these signs may include weakness , stomach problems , nausea , heartburn , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , headache , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach_discomfort , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , nausea , pain , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low level of blood platelets , which may cause muscle weakness and feeling breathless . - sensation of spinning ( fear ), - restlessness , feeling sleepy , - ringing in the ears , - fits , - fits , - ringing in the ears , - dry mouth , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - pain , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low levels of blood platelets , - platelets , - a fall in blood pressure , - muscle weakness , - feeling confused , sensation of fear that are not real , sensation of restlessness or fear , restlessness , feeling dizzy , ringing in the ears , - fits , - fits , - dry mouth , - heartburn , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - pain , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low level of blood platelets , - platelets , - a fall in blood pressure , which may cause muscle weakness and feeling breathless - sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , temporary loss of vision , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , heartburn , stomach discomfort , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - pain , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low level of blood platelets , - platelets , - a fall in blood pressure , which may cause muscle weakness and feeling breathless - sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , temporary loss of vision , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , heartburn , stomach discomfort , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , - bloating ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) candidiasis ( which is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) candidiasis may cause your body to retain water ( thrush ) which may be a sign of pain in the back of the mouth and / or throat and may be signs of an urinary tract infection , such as headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice problems , hoarseness , sinus problems , cough , voice problems , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea or vomiting , loss of appetite ( hoarseness ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction such as rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , coughing , wheezing or breathing difficulties , pain or throat tightness ( signs of dysuria ) or pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), pain in arms or legs , change in heart rhythm ( cataract ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood pressure . your doctor may do blood tests to check your liver function . common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood pressure . your doctor may do blood tests to check your liver function . common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , breaking wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood pressure , high levels of some enzymes in your blood . common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , breaking wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood pressure , high levels of some enzymes in your blood . common ( may affect up to 10 in 10 people ): anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , indigestion , breaking wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood pressure , high blood levels of some enzymes in your blood common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , breaking wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , musculoskeletal pain , muscle cramps , inability to obtain an erection , erectile dysfunction , breast enlargement in males , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , urinary incontinence , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , blood in the urine , fluid in the urine , fluid in the lungs ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), abnormal liver function tests , kidney stones , yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), abnormal liver function tests , kidney stones , yellow skin or eyes ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), abnormal liver function tests , kidney failure , yellow skin and eyes ( possible signs of pancreatitis ) inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), abnormal liver function test , kidney problems , abnormal liver function tests , pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ). pancreatitis ( difficulties in passing urine ), pancreatitis ( yellow discolouration of the skin and eyes ), dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ( yellow discolouration of the skin or eyes ), dark coloured urine ( possible signs of pancreatitis ), yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ( yellow discolouration of the skin or eyes ), dark coloured urine ( possible signs of pancreatitis ), yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ( yellow discolouration of the skin or eyes ), dark coloured urine ( possible signs of pancreatitis ), yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ( yellow discolouration of the skin or eyes ), dark coloured urine ( possible signs of pancreatitis ), yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ( yellow discolouration of the skin or eyes ), dark coloured urine ( possible signs of pancreatitis ), yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , liver injury ; yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine ; yellow skin or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or sleepy on standing up ( feeling or being sleepy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) feeling dizzy or sleepy ; dry mouth ; change in the way things taste ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; vertigo ; feeling anxious ; headache ; spinning sensation ( vertigo ); dry mouth ; increased tear production ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling or sleepy in the mouth or throat dry mouth ; change in the way things taste ; feeling confused or lack of energy ; feeling confused or lack of energy ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ); feeling dizzy or sleepy ; ringing in the ears ; spinning sensation ( vertigo ); ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ); vertigo ; feeling anxious ; headache ; spinning sensation ( vertigo ); dry mouth ; increased tear production ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy or the_mouth in the mouth ; dry mouth ; increased saliva and / or tingling sensation of the mouth ; burning sensation ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; sleepiness ; feeling anxious ; headache ; spinning sensation ( vertigo ); dry mouth ; increased tear production ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy or the_mouth in the mouth ; dry mouth ; increased saliva and / or tingling sensation in the mouth ; sensation of tingling or pins and needles ; sensation of tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; double vision ; sensitivity to light ; vertigo ; feeling anxious ; headache ; spinning sensation ( vertigo ); dry mouth ; increased gas ; increased saliva ; tingling and / or numbness of the hands or feet ; dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy or the_mouth in the mouth ; dry mouth ; increased saliva and / or tingling sensation in the mouth ; sensation of spinning ; feeling confused ; lack of energy ; feeling confused or lack of energy ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; burning sensation ( vertigo ); dry mouth ; increased need to urinate ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; dry mouth 37 ; taste disturbance ; vertigo ; abnormal muscle movements ; feeling confused ; feeling anxious ; ringing in the ears ; dry mouth ; changes in taste ; dry mouth ; increased taste ; tingling or numbness of the mouth ; tingling or numbness of the mouth ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; excessive sweating ; decreased feeling or sensitivity ; abnormal muscle sensations ; feeling anxious ; feeling anxious ; sensation of muscle movements ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; excessive sweating ; decreased_feeling ; decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the skin ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; excessive sweating ; 37 feeling nervous or being anxious ; lack of energy ; difficulty in sleeping ; tingling or numbness of the mouth ; tingling or numbness of the mouth ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; excessive sweating ; 37 feeling jittery ; lack of energy ; feeling anxious ; difficulty in concentrating ; tingling or numbness of the mouth ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; excessive sweating ; decreased_feeling ; decreased feeling or sensitivity ; difficulty in sleeping ; tingling or numbness of the mouth ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; excessive sweating ; 37 feeling jittery ; lack of energy ; difficulty in sleeping ; tingling or numbness of the mouth ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; excessive sweating ; 37 feeling jittery ; lack of energy ; difficulty in sleeping ; tingling or numbness of the mouth ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; excessive sweating ; 37 feeling nervous or being anxious ; difficulty in concentrating
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , swelling of face or lips , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness or pain , itching , redness , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe rash or rash . - skin rash or fever . these may be signs of severe liver damage ( frequency not known ). - if you have kidney problems , such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or hand and / or hand - filled skin rash ( which may be a sign of kidney problems ) such as difficulty in breathing or swelling of the face , hand and / or neck . if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of these side effects is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - decreased white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - enlargement of the stomach ( gastritis ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests ( fever ) - pain - chest pain - redness or fever - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn - skin rash - itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - abnormal blood tests - heartburn - peeling or skin rash - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , peeling , rash ) - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests ( fever ) - pain - chest pain - redness - fever - diarrhoea - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn - skin rash - itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests - rash - peeling and skin rash - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , peeling , rash ) - muscle pain , muscle weakness - changes in liver function - rash - peeling and skin discolouration - allergic reactions ( see above ) - fever , chills and sunburn - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills , sunburn ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , or fever ) - these may be signs of an allergic reaction ( see section 2 ). - if you experience kidney injury ( difficulty in breathing ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat - blood clots in the lung ( frequency not known ) other possible side effects are listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel hexal if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and blood_clots . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the above or combination of the following side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain , fever , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , intestinal pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , joint pain or swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , back pain or swelling_of_the_extremities back pain , pain in the back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back and back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling cold ( asthenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , intestinal pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , joint pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , feeling cold and feeling very tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - palpitations , irregular heart beat , increased blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and neutrophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and neutrophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and neutrophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and neutrophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and neutrophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and neutrophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and neutrophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - these are signs of a liver problem : - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching all over - feeling sick or being sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - a high temperature ( pancreatitis ) - numbness , pain , headache , dizziness - feeling sick , being sick , vomiting and diarrhoea - a metallic taste ( pancreatitis ) ( pancreatitis ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infections - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( difficulties in breathing or dizziness ) - being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - sleepiness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - increased levels of liver enzymes - tiredness - numbness , pain , headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - a change in the way things taste - pancreatitis ( pancreatitis ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infections - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( difficulties in breathing , dizziness ) - vomiting - diarrhoea . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness feeling very tired ( fatigue ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) injection site reactions ( including bruising , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea nausea ( flatulence ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) fever ( pyrexia ) fever ( pyrexia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being sick ( vomiting ) fever ( pyrexia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) fever ( pyrexia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) these side effects are not known ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea diarrhoea ( flatulence ) fever ( pyrexia ) fever ( pyrexia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) fever ( pyrexia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) fever ( pyrexia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) not known ( it is not known how often these side effects happen ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , diarrhoea , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , pain , thinning , itching , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , flu - like symptoms , weight loss , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , headache , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , unusual hair loss or thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , muscle pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , nasal congestion , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , muscle pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , nasal congestion , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , muscle pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , nasal congestion , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , muscle pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , nasal congestion , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , nasal congestion , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , nasal congestion , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , nasal congestion , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , nasal congestion , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , swollen abdomen , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , swollen glands in the abdomen , heartburn , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , unusual hair loss or thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , swollen glands in the abdomen ( abdominal pain ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , increased sweating , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , ringing in the ears , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or intestine , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ), 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , pain , swelling , redness , redness or pain at the site of injection , fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands , skin infection , low blood pressure , loss of appetite , vomiting , diarrhoea , joint pain , swelling , pain , redness , swelling or tenderness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin , groin , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness of the arms or armpits , feeling dizzy , tired , tingling or numbness or numbness of the blood vessels ( anaemia ). anaemia , tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of reduction in the number of red blood cells ) shingles , yellowing of the body or the whites of the body , inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ), which may be associated with the liver , liver or liver , agranulocytosis , methotrexate can very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , fluid retention , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness in a low blood pressure ( e . anaemia ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) shingles , yellowing of the body or the whites of the body , inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ), vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , tired or weak or weak muscles ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( see above ) fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of reduction in the number of red blood cells ) fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) shingles , yellowing of the body or the whites of the body , inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ), yellowing of the skin or the white part of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ) such as shingles , yellowing of the skin or the white part of the muscles ( agranulocytosis ), which may be associated with the body , liver or liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver , liver
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) rash , hunger , hives ( hives ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and other side effects that may occur : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat or sneezing stomach pain or diarrhoea stomach pain 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty or pain when passing urine frequent or frequent urination urinary tract infection palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beat ) cough chest pain feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs feeling sick ( nausea ) 75 feeling sick ( nausea ) 75 75 ( has been reported in children aged 75 years of age ) headache frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your the_infusion . stop using riximyo and see a doctor immediately if you develop any of the following infusion reactions : infusion - related reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to paracetamol , which may be life - threatening . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions may require immediate medical treatment . you may require immediate medical treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the infusion . you may develop a reaction to the infusion or for an infusion , such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to the infusion or for at least 24 hours after the infusion you may develop an infusion reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to the infusion or for at least 24 hours after the infusion you may develop an infusion reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to the infusion , but can be life threatening if they continue to take paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to paracetamol , which may be life - threatening . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions may occur . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including rash , itching , hives ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or low blood pressure ( signs of liver problems ) - difficulty in breathing or swallowing - hives very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired ( tired ) - a decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - vomiting - stomach pain - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - tiredness - weakness - tiredness - dizziness - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea and tiredness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite inability to sleep ( insomnia ) suicidal loss of urine if you get any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headaches , drowsy or other feeling of drowsy , being sick ( nausea , constipation , dry mouth , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen or in the stomach or intestine ), weight gain , rash , itching ( pruritus ), loss of hair loss ( alopecia ), abdominal pain , pain in the arms or legs , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ), excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( e . g . magnesium , calcium ) or phosphate , phosphate , weight gain , headaches common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ), shortness of breath , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some types of anti - magnesium , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , or weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ), shortness of breath , feeling cold , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some types of anti - magnesium , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and weight gain . headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsy or c , feeling sick , vomiting , dry mouth , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine . weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache coughing up of blood pressure , irregular or excessive heartbeat ( palpitations ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , or weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ), excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and weight gain . headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ), excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( e . g . magnesium , calcium ) or phosphate , phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of allergic reaction ) skin reactions , burning and prickling sensation ( common ), or fever ( common ). rarely , itching , severe allergic reactions ( e . g . severe , itching , swollen face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), tiredness , feeling faint or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ), if you have tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , tingling or stinging of the skin , blurred vision , swelling of the eyelid , swelling , redness of the eye , watery eyes , blurred vision , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach inflammation , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick . side effects 47 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , changes in taste , ringing in the ears , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , visual impairment , eye pain , eye eye_swelling , ringing in the ears , light - low blood pressure , low blood pressure , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , mouth inflammation , inflammation of the fatty layer under the skin , hair loss , itching of the eye , severe_damage exposure of the iris to the sun , iris or nails ( the clear layer of the iris and the cornea ) have also been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and tell a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area with or without difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience symptoms such as blood in your urine , pain when passing urine or passing water less frequently than usual . this side effect is uncommon : it may affect up to 1 in 100 people . - severe skin reactions ( symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when passing urine ), severe skin reactions , or blisters , or blistering on the skin . these may be the signs of a serious allergic reaction , - dehydration ( very common ) - vomiting ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath , speaking on the tongue or lips and body discomfort . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and dizziness . symptoms of urinary tract infection such as diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness , burning , burning or pain at the site of injection , burning sensation or mouth pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( including pain , pain , low blood pressure ) body pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the infusion site , injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , injection site pain and pain ) blood clot in the body common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the infusion site , injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , injection site pain ) headache feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the infusion site , injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , injection site pain ) headache feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection , burning sensation or mouth pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( including pain , pain , low blood pressure ) body pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the infusion site , injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , injection site pain ) headache feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the infusion site , injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , injection site pain ) headache feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection , burning sensation or mouth pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( including pain , pain and redness ) headache feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . blurred vision . pain or pain at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection , burning sensation or mouth pain at the injection site reactions at injection site , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , blood_clots_swelling , pain ) headache feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . blurred vision . pain or pain at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection , burning sensation or mouth pain at the injection site hardening of the skin at injection site , injection site reactions ( including pain , burning , pain ) headache , feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . blurred vision . pain or pain at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection , burning sensation or mouth pain at the injection site ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , chills , sore throat or coughing or swelling of the face , lips , mouth , throat or tongue , fever , chills , inability to sleep , loss of taste , hair loss , itchy skin , skin reddening , - reddening of skin , - reddening of the skin , - blurred or increased blood pressure , - low blood pressure , - feeling sick or being sick ( flatulence ), - flatulence ( signs of a high level of sugar in the blood ). - constipation , paleness , dizziness , numbness or tingling sensations ( pins and needles ), feeling sick , weight loss and weight gain . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - sick ( indigestion ) - flatulence - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to contact your doctor if you develop lactic acidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you develop any symptoms of infection or inflammation . other side effects include : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms above : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection and inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection and inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating and sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma ; joint or muscle pain ; coma and / or sleepiness ( the signs of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain in arms or legs ( urinary incontinence ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness , itching , pain , swelling , redness or spasms in the skin ( discomfort or pain in the back of the hands or feet ) - abdominal pain - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abdominal pain or discomfort - an increase in some liver enzymes - symptoms include rash , itching or hives on the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) - abnormal blood test results for electrocardiogram ( an enzyme found mainly in skeletal muscles ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the leg , face or throat - spasms - spasms - hair loss ( alopecia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your skin with or without difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience a fever , chills or other flu like symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop a fever , chills or other flu like symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop a fever , chills or other flu like symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills , weakness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal - bruising ( common ), or bleeding , - bruising at the injection site , - ulcers of the mouth , throat , nose , chest or chest , and difficulty in breathing . - sudden onset of flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , flu like symptoms , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o fever , chills , flu like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , o fever , - chills , - sore throat , or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , o fever , - chills , - sore throat , or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , o feeling very thirsty , - fever , chills , severe chills , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , - fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , o fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , o fever , - chills , - sore throat , or cough , severe flu - like symptoms , o feeling ill , less than usual , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , o fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , o fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling very thirsty - fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , fever , chills , sore throat or severe_headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of allergic reactions ( rash , itchy rash , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ), difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a hypersensitivity reaction ) - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a hypersensitivity reaction ) - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . - if you get any of these symptoms , or if you get one or more of the following symptoms : decreased urination , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , loss of appetite . these symptoms may be more likely to occur at the start of vaccination . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , hardening of the skin at the injection site ) headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including rash , swollen face or fingers , feeling unwell , generally feeling unwell . 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , fainting or 23 fits ( see also section 2 under ' allergic reactions '). allergic reactions that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , coughing , itchy rash and blisters . these symptoms may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( see also section 11 " warnings and precautions "). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain at the injection site 23 generally feeling unwell and fever . injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , injection site redness and injection site itching ) and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures ( fits ) 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face or throat and difficulty in breathing . difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing . itchy rash and blisters have also been reported . if you experience these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain at the injection site 23 generally feeling unwell and fever . injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , injection site redness and injection site itching ) and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel_accord may be increased when docetaxel teva is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . allergic reactions may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , or difficulty in breathing , chills , flushing or low blood pressure . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you have an allergic reaction , stop taking paclitaxel and tell your doctor straight away . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; and / or feet ( a common side effect that may affect up to arms in arms , 000 people ) infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; and / or feet ( a common side effect that may affect up to arms in 10 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . the hospital staff may monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body ) change in the colour of your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : rash , chest pain or discomfort ( which could be a sign of serious side effects , including : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( constipation ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , headache ( fatigue ) headache high blood pressure ( hypotension ) headache high blood pressure ( hypotension ) headache high blood pressure ( hypotension ) common : may affect up to in 10 people high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , constipation , abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation feeling sick ( nausea ) rash ( pruritus ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) rash ( pruritus ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) chest pain feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation feeling sick ( nausea ) indigestion indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain ( flatulence ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) chest pain feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ) constipation feeling sick ( nausea ) indigestion indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach upset indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain ( flatulence ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) low blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ) constipation feeling sick ( nausea ) indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain ( flatulence ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) low blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ) constipation feeling sick ( nausea ) indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain ( flatulence ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) nervousness ( tachycardia ) low blood pressure high blood pressure high blood pressure cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( flatulence ) constipation feeling sick ( nausea ) indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation oral pain ( flatulence ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) feeling tired ( asthenia ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following serious side effects - liver problems such as liver function , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , or increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash ( pruritis ) - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - itching ( including pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea 29 - stomach pain - low blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - changes in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , feeling faint or dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . severe symptoms can be life - threatening . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop using adynovi and contact a doctor immediately . severe allergic reaction ( hives ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with adynovi were : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 patients ): inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inhibitor antibodies ( inhibitors ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , generalised itching , hives ( wheals ), where the injection is given , wheezing , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change the symptoms . allergic reactions such as rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and loss of consciousness . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . severe allergic reactions ( hives , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , feeling faint , dizziness or loss of consciousness ) fainting , contact your doctor as soon as possible . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the symptoms listed above . severe allergic reaction ( hives ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects - breast pain - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , headache - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ) - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - chest pain - swelling of the throat - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - taste disturbance - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - taste disturbance - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - trembling - drowsiness - drowsiness - injection site pain ( including depression ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - increased taste - swelling of the throat - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - increased taste - swelling of the throat - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - dizziness - drowsiness - injection site pain ( including depression ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - increased taste - swelling of the throat - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - dizziness - drowsiness - injection site pain ( including depression ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - dizziness - drowsiness - injection site pain ( including depression ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - dizziness - drowsiness - injection site pain ( including depression ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - dizziness - drowsiness - injection site pain ( including depression ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - dizziness - drowsiness - injection site pain ( including depression ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - vomiting - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain 68 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heartbeat ( tachycardia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart palpitations ( tachycardia ) awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ) fainting drowsiness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 68 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible signs of lactic acidosis include : - drowsiness , dizziness or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - passing more water than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass skin more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , which may be a sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) if you experience any of the above side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , abdominal pain , swelling , redness or redness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your the_infusion . stop using blitzima and see a doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : infusion - related reactions ( infusion - related reactions ) infusion - related reactions are likely to occur during the infusion or up to 24 hours after the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to the infusion , but can be life threatening . it is important to read the information about this serious reaction . as well as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to paracetamol , which may be life - threatening . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately and then seek immediate medical attention . these reactions are more likely to occur at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to the infusion , but can be life threatening if they continue to take paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to paracetamol , which may be life - threatening . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions may occur . your doctor may give you another medicine to reduce your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an allergic reaction to paracetamol , which may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives or itching . these may be symptoms of anaphylactic reactions ( including anaphylactic shock , rash , shortness of breath , cough and difficulty breathing ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ): - liver disorders , which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), o swelling of the face , lips , tongue or face ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of roactemra , seek medical advice straight away . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - sore throat - runny nose - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - symptoms of dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - rash - peeling of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - liver failure - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and fever . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - symptoms of rash , mainly of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat and may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - low counts of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - an increase in the level of fat in the blood - an increase in the level of fat in the blood - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - severe and potentially life - threatening skin rashes ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue and / or throat , stevens - johnson syndrome , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction with a sudden drop in blood pressure and feeling of pain or stools - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling due to a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of allergy include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe allergic reaction - a reaction with a drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel pain or stools - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - a reaction at the site of injection - high blood levels of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - allergy ( symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling ) - serious blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - allergy ( symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling or other organs ) - low blood pressure which may make you feel treatment or have a quickened heartbeat during treatment with fetcroja may cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site as these may be signs of a low level of blood platelets . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with fetcroja . there may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy with a drop in the number of a type of white blood cells called allergy that help you tell your doctor if you get symptoms like pain , redness , swelling or other parts of the body - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , with a red rash or raised bumps . - an increase in blood levels of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( allergy ) - pain , redness and swelling around the infusion site - low blood levels of some liver enzymes seen in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - allergy ( symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling or other organs ) - low blood pressure which may make you feel treatment or have a quickened heartbeat - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( seen in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of some liver enzymes in blood tests - allergy ( symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling or other organs ) - low blood pressure which may make you feel treatment or have a quickened heart beat or another high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this may be seen in blood tests . - signs and symptoms of pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the area around your treatment ( as these may be signs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): blindness , numbness , tingling , numbness and numbness . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), confusion , blindness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you notice any of these effects . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , dizziness , shaking . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - runny nose - sneezing , sore throat - runny nose - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or coughing - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - runny nose - sneezing - headache - pain in muscles and bones ( musculoskeletal pain ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - low level of sugar in the blood - muscle spasm - skin itching - rash - clouding of the lens in your eyes ( signs of cataract ) - blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with zyllt is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms after taking lamivudine_teva : - muscles and muscles pain , difficulty in swallowing , or swallowing contact your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva , or if you develop any other effects . obese may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an increase in the levels of some enzymes in the blood ( transaminases ) - stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness or pain - headache - stomach pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - increase in liver enzymes ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in enzymes produced by the liver ( transaminases ) - allergic reaction - rash - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty swallowing or swallowing contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva , and will tell you to stop taking lamivudine . - if you develop a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a slight decrease in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases or transaminases ) - stomach pain - nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - pain - headache - stomach pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - increase in liver enzymes ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in enzymes produced by the liver ( transaminases ) - reaction of the liver ( transaminases ) - allergic reaction - rash - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - if you develop any of these symptoms , especially if you are being treated with lamivudine , you should seek medical advice immediately . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with lamivudine teva . this will help reduce the likelihood that the side effect continues or becomes severe . talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the body . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain or redness at the site of injection if you get any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) the following side effects have been observed with nespo : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): serious allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures may cause a very rare , but tell your doctor immediately if you experience swelling of the face , tongue or throat . difficulty in swallowing or breathing if you notice any of the above signs or signs of other side effects , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually occur when you start using this medicine . if you have blurred or cloudy eyesight , if you experience rash , itching , high blood pressure , increased blood pressure and increased liver enzymes ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions "). palpitations ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days to a few weeks . if they do not disappear , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling of the retina ( e . g . rash , itching , high blood pressure , increased blood pressure , disturbances in liver function tests ), rash , night sweats , hair loss , redness of the skin ( rash ), back pain , increased liver enzymes in the blood , increased liver enzymes in the blood , rash , night sweats , hair loss , hair loss , redness of the skin ( erythema ), back pain , increased liver enzymes in the blood , increased liver enzymes in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea , rash , itching of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking macugen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash , including itching and darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness or numb of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness or numb of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause numb or tingling or numbness of the hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , including swelling and redness of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by burning sensation and burning pain . pain , including swelling and redness of the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . pain or swelling . redness and / or swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . pain or swelling . redness and / or swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . pain or swelling . redness and / or swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . pain or swelling . redness and / or swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . pain or swelling . redness and / or swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking cinacalcet_accordpharma and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : allergic reactions ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) breathing difficulties : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people − abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( nausea ), vomiting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , constipation , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , rash ( urticaria ), hives ( urticaria ), muscle aches or cramps , back pain or muscle aches or cramps , convulsions ( seizures ), seizures ( fits ), 50 muscle spasms , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased levels of liver enzymes muscle pain , back pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle spasms , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle pain , muscle spasms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives ( urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or wheezing , or sweating ( frequency rare ). - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). - a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives ( urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or wheezing , or sweating ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). - a serious allergic reaction ( pancreatitis ) that may be life - threatening . - a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or cough - shortness of breath - this may be a sign of a serious liver disorder called pancreatitis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , tiredness , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , tiredness , tiredness , and stomach ache . your doctor may do regular blood tests to check your liver function , and increase of bilirubin ( a substance produced by your liver ) and your doctor may need to measure your blood tests . tell your doctor right away if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , and / or vomiting . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) weight gain or loss of feeling or being sick ( nausea or diarrhoea ), which may be a sign of diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . chest pain ( oedema ) swelling and fluid retention ( oedema ) rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : increase in certain white blood cells ( anaemia ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_mylan is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever ( feeling tired ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , upper abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , upper abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction . difficulty in breathing with wheezing or shortness of breath with or without fainting . this could be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . if you experience a skin swelling or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the side effects listed below have occurred with the following frequencies : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - dizziness , headache , paleness , dizziness , sleepiness , cough , shortness of breath , feeling generally unwell , feeling fluttering or discomfort , diarrhoea , feeling sick , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , diarrhoea , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling generally unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting 28 - vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling generally unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling generally unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling generally unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling generally unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling generally unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - generally feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , feeling hot , a burning sensation , pain in your arms or legs , nausea , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , swelling of the eyelid , swelling of the inside of the nose , feeling irritable and sudden decrease or loss of hearing has also been reported . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , swelling of the eye , swelling of the inside of the nose , feeling irritable and sudden decrease or loss of hearing . from post - marketing experience cases of unstable angina ( a heart attack ) and sudden death have been reported rarely . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects have also been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache anxiety abnormal dreams confusion visual impaired decrease in blood pressure ; hallucinations ( feeling of tiredness or fatigue ) tremor changes in taste low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) swelling of the legs and ankles ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting , restlessness , visual disturbances , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , hiccups ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache , anxiety , abnormal dreams , amnesia ( memory disturbance ), hallucinations ( loss of memory ), confusion ( loss of consciousness ), confusion ( loss of consciousness ), confusion ( loss of consciousness ), confusion ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ) weight loss ( alopecia ), weight loss ( alopecia ) weight loss ( alopecia ) weight loss ( alopecia ) weight loss ( alopecia ) constipation ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache anxiety abnormal dreams confusion visual impaired decrease in blood pressure ; hallucinations ( feeling of tiredness or rigid muscles ) tremor increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to low_blood_pressure) in 10 people ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache anxiety abnormal sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) spinning sensation ( hallucinations ) abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and / or throat ( mucosal oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting , restlessness , visual disturbances , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite hiccups , hiccups some of these side effects have been reported since marketing of evaluation , but ask your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( very common ) - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - headache - dry mouth - eye irritation - blurred vision - increased pressure in the eye - increased sensitivity to light - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash - changes in taste reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended dizziness with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure which may be accompanied by a high temperature ( neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of levetiracetam_actavis , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in blisters people ) in patients taking levetiracetam_actavis . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure ( for example , blisters and peeling of the skin ) have been reported . if you experience a skin rash or blisters , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a skin rash or blisters , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms or symptoms such as confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives ) have been reported . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience any of the following symptoms : constipation and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , upper abdominal pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , dizziness , headache , stomach pain , discomfort or burning sensation in the arms or legs , redness , swelling , itching or pain where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , decreased mood , altered level of consciousness , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells , decreased appetite , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , altered level of consciousness , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , altered level of consciousness , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , altered level of consciousness , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience partial loss of vision , decreased urine output , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing or breathing , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( which may cause trouble breathing or breathing , wheezing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain or stomach pain - feeling sick , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain or pain - stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain or pain - stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of scarring of the lung ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking zerene . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) feeling light - headed ( nausea ) increase in liver enzymes ( liver function ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) liver problems . liver problems that may be severe have been reported . liver problems if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
