like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , diarrhoea , tiredness , fatigue , metallic taste . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anaemia low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and increased thirst , increased blood pressure , diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , dark urine reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital if you experience any of the following serious side effects liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before and during your treatment with zinbryta . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( death ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis ( signs of a gastrointestinal tract infection ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset stomach , liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) liver enzymes that may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) liver problems such as eczema , eczema , 41 , stomach pain , eczema , folliculitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells tonsillitis , skin reactions ( folliculitis ) skin reactions , including herpes zoster ( sarcoidosis ), skin infections , itchy skin ( erythema ), skin infection ( erythema multiforme ) liver failure ( liver injury ) liver test results positive against hepatitis b infection ( sarcoidosis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) if you experience any of the following side effects , stop taking wilzin and tell your doctor straight away : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - stomach pain - diarrhoea - passing water loss - muscle weakness - joint aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) - difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - stomach pain - diarrhoea - passing water loss - muscle weakness - joint aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) - difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - stomach pain - diarrhoea - passing water loss - muscle weakness - joint aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) - difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - stomach pain - diarrhoea - passing water loss - muscle weakness - joint aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) - difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - stomach pain - diarrhoea - passing water loss - muscle weakness - joint aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) - difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms tell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ). symptoms such as swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating and anaphylactic reactions . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , hypoglycaemia , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , hypoglycaemia , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of pumarix are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects you should immediately contact your doctor immediately : allergic reactions leading to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . generalised skin reactions ( urticaria ) have been reported . please notify your doctor immediately if you experience shock or any of the above symptoms : - blood clots in the veins ( vasculitis ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site pain - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - 10_people_pain - bruising where the injection is given - itching where the injection is given - itching - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - flu - like symptoms - inflammation of the blood vessels - redness , inflammation or bruising where the injection is given - skin rashes , joint pain - muscle spasms . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. - inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . - muscle cramps . - kidney failure . - painful urination . - painful bleeding with redness and bruising . - unusual bleeding or bruising ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes . - inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain , muscle spasms . - kidney failure . - reduced urine output . - redness or bruising . - unusual bleeding or bruising . - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ) - inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes . - joint pain . - muscle spasms . - painful urination . - painful urination . - redness or bruising . - unusual bleeding or bruising . - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ) - inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes . - joint pain . - muscle spasms . - sudden decrease or loss of hearing - redness . - bruising . - unusual bleeding or bruising . - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels which can cause skin rashes , joint pain , muscle spasms and kidney problems ). - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - 10_people_pain - bruising where the injection is given - itching where the injection is given - itching - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - flu - like symptoms , such as pain or bruising at the injection site ( caused by medicines given by injection at the same time ) - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. - inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . - muscle cramps . - kidney failure . - painful urination . - painful skin infections ( redness and bruising ) - unusual bleeding or bruising ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes . - inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain , muscle spasms . - kidney failure . - painful urination . - painful bleeding with redness and bruising . - unusual bleeding or bruising . - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ) - inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes . - joint pain . - muscle spasms . - sudden decrease or loss of hearing - redness . - bruising . - unusual bleeding or bruising . - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ) - inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or stinging , itching or itching at the injection site . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . hypersensitivity ) reactions ( including hypersensitivity ) have been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common side effects are described below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - passing urine - loss of hair - swelling in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , feet , legs , or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - loss of hair - swelling in the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - loss of hair - swelling in the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - loss of hair - jaundice ( yellowing of the eye and the whites of the eyes ) - dark urine - jaundice ( yellowing of the eye or the whites of the eyes ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any of the following symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking laventair_ellipta and contact your doctor immediately . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) or redness rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in swelling , 000 people ) swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using anoro ellipta are rare ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness and headache . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( signs may include skin rash , hives , severe swelling of the skin or difficulty breathing or swallowing ), serious allergic reaction which may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . serious side effects such as headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , severe swelling of the skin and difficulty breathing or swallowing ), serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other possible side effects some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face and throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat all other serious allergic reactions . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; headache ; diarrhoea ; joint pain ( arthralgia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; allergic reaction ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reaction which may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing or swallowing ; serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , headaches , light - headedness , fainting , 36 , light - headedness , fainting , 36 - vomiting , nausea , skin rashes ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain , tiredness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( e . g . skin rashes , blood in the urine , fluid retention or bruising ) have been reported . frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) tiredness , nausea , vomiting , skin_rashes , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , joint pain , tiredness , bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( e . g . skin rashes , blood in the urine , fluid retention or bruising ) have been reported . frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) tiredness , nausea , vomiting , 36 tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain , pain in arms or legs , tiredness , muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood in urine ( signs of protein in the urine , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet ), fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood in the urine , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet ( neuropathy ), fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , 36 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( joint pain ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , tiredness , vomiting , decreased appetite and 36 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood in the urine , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet ( neuropathy ), fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , 36 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( joint pain ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , tiredness , vomiting , decreased appetite and 36 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood in the urine , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet ( neuropathy ), fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , 36 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( joint pain ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , tiredness , vomiting , decreased appetite and 36 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or pain in the arms and / or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or pain in the arms and / or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or pain in the arms and / or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ) or pain in the arms and / or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) itching of the skin , irritation or irritation in the mouth and / or throat , ear or ear problems , blood in the urine or pain or discomfort in your back or discomfort or a high temperature . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect of clopidogrel use is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diabetes_mellitus visual phenomena , - difficulty in sleeping - headache - dizziness - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain or discomfort - changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . - painful or painful urination - general weakness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - cold , increased blood pressure , - difficulty in sleeping , headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , discomfort or lack of energy , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders - blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye disorders - ringing sound in your ears - reduced blood flow in the heart vessels , faster heartbeat - bleeding , partial or complete blocking of blood vessels , reduced blood pressure - shortness in breath , disorders of the lung , cough , flu - like symptoms - stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain or diarrhoea , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , inflammation of the lining of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth - inflammation and ulcer - abdominal or intestine disorders , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , feeling or being sick , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth - inflammation and ulcer - abdominal or intestine disorders , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , dry mouth - inflammation and ulcer - abdominal or intestine disorders , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , inflammation of the sinuses - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor immediately . other side effects include : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 100 people ) - headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): - jaundice , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain , fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing , fever , breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , fainting , breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face and throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face and throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face and throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face and throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face and throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face and throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face and throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face and throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face and throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face or lips , fainting , breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face or lips , fainting , breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face or lips , fainting , breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling of the face or lips , fainting , breathing difficulties , cough , generalised allergic reactions , - swelling in the mouth or throat , fainting , breathing difficulties , cough , generalised itching , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , fainting - breathing difficulties , cough , generalised swelling of the hands or feet , due to an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following side effects , please tell your doctor or nurse immediately : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ; - fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a hypersensitivity reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , hives , local rash , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause hives or sensation of sensation in the mouth - muscle tightness or fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat and / or swelling around the face , at the injection site , hives , burning sensation , muscle or muscle pain , tenderness , or pain at the site of injection . - muscle cramp or tenderness , such as dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction . if you experience a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , hives , change in muscle or muscle stiffness , hives , - general feeling of being unwell , - muscle stiffness , - fatigue , - dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction . if you experience a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , hives , change in blood pressure on muscles and muscle - muscle weakness or tenderness - dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ; - fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction . if you get a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause hives , temporary loss of sensation or muscle stiffness - fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction . if you get a rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , hives , change in muscle cramps or muscle tightness , fatigue , dizziness - headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure - fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction . if you get a rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , hives , change in muscle or muscle stiffness , hives , - general feeling of being unwell , - muscle stiffness , - fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure - fatigue - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction . if you get a rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , hives , change in muscle or muscle stiffness , hives , - general feeling of being unwell , - muscle stiffness , - fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help straight away if you get any of the following serious side effects ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or infection , which may be a sign of possible signs of infection such as fever , chills , difficult or cough , cough difficult breathing , pale skin or other signs of infection or a combination of loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with rasagiline_mylan : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people - constipation - dry mouth - headache - abnormal liver function tests with symptoms such as headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - barré syndrome ) - abnormal abnormal sense of taste - confusion - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - decreased appetite - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - barré syndrome ) - abnormal abnormal sense of taste - confusion - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - decreased appetite - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - abnormal dreams - confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - abnormal abnormal sense of taste - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - abnormal abnormal sense of taste - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - abnormal abnormal sense of taste - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - abnormal abnormal sense of taste - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - abnormal abnormal sense of taste - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - abnormal abnormal sense of taste - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - abnormal abnormal sense of taste - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - change in the sense of taste - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - increased appetite - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - ringing in the ears - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - constipation - decreased appetite - headache - runny nose -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of hulio . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; hair loss ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; abnormal liver function tests ; kidney problems ; scarring of the lung , inflammation of the pancreas ; symptoms include blood in your urine , bruising , bruising , bleeding or paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; hair loss ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; abnormal liver function tests ; kidney problems ; scarring of the lung , inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas . symptoms include severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ; itching , trouble breathing or swallowing ; dizziness ; sudden loss of consciousness ; dizziness ; changes in your heart beat ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding in the stomach ; symptoms ; abnormal blood tests for white blood cells , which can result in increased bruising , bruising , bleeding or paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; hair loss ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; abnormal liver function tests ; kidney problems ; scarring of the lung , inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas . symptoms include : itching ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; dizziness ; excessive sweating ; dizziness ; new or weak muscles ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; abnormal liver function tests ; kidney problems ; scarring of the lung , inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas . symptoms include severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ); which might reach through to your inflammation_of_the_liver , as well as pain in your chest . side effects with adalimumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; hair loss ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; abnormal liver function tests ; kidney problems ; scarring of the lung , inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas . symptoms include severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ; itching , trouble breathing or swallowing ; dizziness ; new or worsening vision disorders such as dizziness or " mini " stroke " when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in your arms or legs and side effects with adalimumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; nausea and vomiting ; allergic reactions ; hair loss ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; abnormal liver function tests ; kidney problems ; scarring of the lung , inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas . symptoms include severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ; itching ; trouble breathing or swallowing ; dizziness ; new or worsening vision disorders such as nausea and vomiting ; hypersensitivity reactions ; hair loss ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; muscle spasms ; blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , chest pain , breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness and coma . the following side effects have been observed with dzuveo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , indigestion , bloating , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches , spasms , fatty liver or fatty liver , swelling of the legs or arms , high levels of sugar , sugar , sodium , potassium , calcium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , increase of calcium , calcium , calcium , sodium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , increase of calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , or calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or heart problems during or after treatment with erleada . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , tired , chest pain or discomfort , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , or fever , 43 during treatment with treatment , you may be given other medicines to treat your doctor . if you experience any of the above symptoms or any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause blisters or peeling of the skin . stop using erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause blisters or peeling of the skin . stop using erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tired or tired , shortness of breath , weight loss or decreased appetite 43 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high level of cholesterol in the blood symptoms of liver problems ( such as skin rash , blood in urine , urine tests ) decreased appetite weight loss ( decreased appetite ) weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): high level of cholesterol in the blood 43 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . the following side effects have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pain and rash . the side effects listed below have been observed . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , feeling jittery , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , upset stomach , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , rash , itching , pain in extremity , hair loss , dry skin , rash , feeling generally unwell , muscle spasms , pain in the extremities , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling in hands and feet , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , swelling in hands and feet , back pain , frequent urination , difficulty falling asleep , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , feeling jittery , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , upset stomach , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , rash , itching , pain in extremity , hair loss , dry skin , rash , feeling generally unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity pain in the joints , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling in hands and feet , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , pain_in_extremity , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , mood swings , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . the following side effects have been reported : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : visual disturbances , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects : feeling jittery or having increased heart rate , high blood pressure , stuffy nose , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity pain in the extremities , swelling of the extremities , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , pain_in_extremity , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , mood swings , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects : changes in heart rate , rapid heartbeat , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects : feeling jittery or having increased heart rate , high blood pressure , stuffy nose , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity pain in the extremities , swelling of the extremities , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , pain_in_extremity , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , mood swings , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects : visual disturbances , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal sensation in the skin . side effects : feeling jittery or having increased heart rate , decreased heart rate , stuffy nose , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain_in_extremity pain in the extremities , swelling of the extremities , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , pain_in_extremity , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , mood swings , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . other side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects : visual disturbances , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal sensation in the skin . side effects : feeling jittery or having increased heart rate , decreased heart rate , stuffy nose , upset stomach , abnormal liver function tests , inflammation of the lining of the eye , inflammation of the lining of the eye , itching , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain in extremity , swelling of the extremities , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , pain in extremity , back pain , frequent urination , breast pain and swelling of the extremities , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and pain_in_extremity , pain in extremity , back pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or sweating . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . drink alcohol ( see drinking alcohol and taking forxiga " at the end of this leaflet ). shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation or irritation in the mouth or throat , irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour in the mouth , back pain , passing water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the level of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) dizziness uncommon thirst reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , pain , chest discomfort , feeling of general discomfort , feeling of weakness , weakness , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site , low number of red blood cells , loss of appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , decreased appetite . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , swelling of arms or legs , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) fatigue , chills and blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning or burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , flushing , skin rash , acne , pain in the mouth or throat , nose bleeds , nasal congestion . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye , inflammation ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate , bradycardia , mouth or throat swelling , acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the veins ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart beat ), bradycardia ( swelling of the extremities ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the veins ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart beat ), bradycardia ( swelling of the extremities ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin_redness hair loss , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the veins ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart beat ), bradycardia ( swelling of the extremities ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the veins ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart beat ), bradycardia ( swelling of the extremities ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart beat ), abnormal heart rhythm , bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the stomach and / or abdomen ), acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart beat ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), mouth or stomach ulcer , acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart beat ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), mouth or stomach ulcer , acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin , skin redness , acne , skin discolouration , skin redness , acne , skin_pain skin skin skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne , skin pain , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( irregular heart beat ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), mouth or stomach ulcer , acne , skin pain , urticaria , acne , skin pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to bevacizumab . allergic reactions : the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or a rash , fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite , and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : reduced number of white blood cells called cells which help the blood to clot ( cells that help the blood to clot ) which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot , feeling weak , energy , headaches , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . the severity of these side effects can be serious . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : reduced number of white blood cells called cells which help the blood to clot ( cells that help the blood to clot ) which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot , feeling weak , energy , headaches , headaches , feeling weak , sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately when you start to experience a side effect . severe side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach pain , stomach or gut infection , inflammation of the gut or the gut ( bronchitis ) infections of the urinary tract resulting in heart failure , difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( potential signs of lung problems ) chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lung ) which may cause chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach ( stomach ) pain , stomach or gut problems , including inflammation of the gut or mouth , tooth disorder , difficulty in speaking , difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( potential signs of lung problems ) chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lung ) which may cause chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach ( stomach ) pain , in the stomach or gut ( including perforation_of_the_gut ) excessive sweating ( including night sweats ) chest pain , shortness of breath high or low blood pressure , chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lung ) which may cause chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach upset , in the stomach or stomach alteration in the sense of taste difficulty in breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath high or low blood pressure , chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lung ) which may cause chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . certain side effects have been reported with mvasi : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach ( stomach ) pain , stomach or gut problems , including inflammation of the gut or mouth , tooth disorder , difficulty in speaking , difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( potential signs of lung problems ) chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lung ) which may cause chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . certain side effects have been
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . symptoms of cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , light - headedness , fast heart rate - a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - if you get any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - low levels of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood , - nerve damage , breathlessness , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , bronchial hyperreactivity ( see also ' serious allergic reactions ' earlier in this section ) - skin rash - blood clots in the veins ( deep skull ) - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( symptoms include fever , chills and rapid breathing ). if you get any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other possible side effects other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , - decreased appetite and severe allergic reactions with symptoms such as : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - infections of your body - these may be symptoms of a condition called kidney failure , which may be life - threatening . - skin rash - blood clots in your veins ( deep skull ) - skin rash - blood clots in veins - shortness of breath - rapid heartbeat - irregular heartbeat - light - headedness , respiratory disorders - fluid accumulation in the lungs - fluid accumulation in the lungs - a condition called blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( symptoms include : - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ) symptoms include blood in your urine , pain in your arms or legs , shortness of breath or rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , light - coloured urine , fluid accumulation in the lung - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( symptoms include : - a condition called blood clots in the veins of the legs or skull ). symptoms include new or worsening cough , or breathing problems - irregular heartbeat , light - coloured urine , fluid accumulation in the lung , fluid accumulation in the lung or in the skull ( symptoms include : - blood in your urine , fever , shortness of breath or rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , light - coloured urine , fluid accumulation in the lung or lungs ) - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( symptoms include a sudden decrease or loss of vision ) - breathlessness tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low levels of blood platelets - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood - nerve damage - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - slow heartbeat - severe allergic reactions ( these may be symptoms of a condition called which may be life - threatening ) - fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . these may be symptoms of a condition called kidney failure , which may be life - threatening . - skin rash , which may be symptoms of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). - kidney problems such as painful urination , shortness of breath or rapid heartbeat , light - headedness , fast heartbeat , bleeding in the lung , fluid in the lung . - blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( symptoms include fever and chills ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low levels of blood platelets - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood - nerve damage - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - slow heartbeat - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) with symptoms such as fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after adding sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , 64 flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach ache , 64 flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin : common : metformin , swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with pancreatic_enzymes treatment ( may affect more than an_injection_of_glucagon in 10 people ). if this happens , you must stop taking glucagon and talk to a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing or swallowing , sweating , nausea , vomiting , increased body temperature , - feeling less hungry , sweating , nausea and vomiting , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas . - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma , tell your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or feeling of being sick , sweating , nausea or vomiting , as these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you experience a rash , itching or blistering of the skin , which may indicate stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). if you develop a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other symptoms such as : - itching - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis - stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by a_cough and / or fever ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare severe reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or throat , pancreatitis ) - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis . if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you develop a rash or itching and blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you develop a rash or itching and blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you develop a rash or itching and blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you develop a rash or itching and blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people : - headache - dizziness - upper respiratory tract infection - cough - abdominal pain - nausea - increased liver enzymes shown in blood tests - redness - rash - pain in an increase of some liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in bilirubin ( liver enzymes ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy ) - ear pain - ear infection - ear discomfort - ear discomfort - ear discomfort - ear discomfort - ear discomfort - ear discomfort - ear discomfort - ear pain - rash - redness and pain - an increase of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in the blood - liver problems - rash , redness and pain - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding , bruising , bleeding or a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), pale skin ( anaemia ), pale skin , fast heart beat , dizziness , feeling short of breath , diarrhoea and diarrhoea . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions ( including allergic reactions , including difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ). tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , pale skin , fast heart beat , dizziness , feeling short of breath , nausea and diarrhoea , neutropenia , red blood cells , red blood cells ( anaemia ), low number of red blood cells ( neutropenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and itching . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . heart attack , fast heart beat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast or irregular heartbeat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation ( symptoms of heart attack ) feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea_dry_mouth , fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering or shivering . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering or shivering . feeling sick , vomiting . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering or shivering . shivering or shivering . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering . feeling sick , vomiting . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering or shivering . shivering or shivering . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering . feeling sick , vomiting . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . feeling sick , vomiting . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . feeling sick , vomiting . if any of these symptoms occur , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering or shivering . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering . feeling sick , vomiting . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . feeling shivering . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering or shivering . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering or shivering . rash . shivering or shivering . feeling sick , vomiting . if you notice any of these
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , such as skin swelling and an itchy rash . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach or mouth feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain or pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach or mouth feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) 37 irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ), 37 swelling , pain , redness or irritation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : some of these allergic reactions can be life - threatening . skin skin reactions including intense blistering of the skin , or a rash , fever , chills , swelling of the face , lips , eyes or eyes , with or without skin rash , agitation , confusion , depression or depression , serious inflammation of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( e . g . agitation , confusion , depression ). - serious inflammation of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( e . g . agitation , confusion , depression ). - serious deterioration of vision , including swelling of the eyelid or eyelid . - swelling of the eyelid . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or eyes - rash - fever - chills - chills - swelling of the face - lips , eyes or eyes - excessive sweating - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth or eyes ) - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - confusion - depression - depression - severe inflammation of the central nervous system ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and eyes ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - blood clots in the lung blood clots in the lung blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) - allergic reactions such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , or dark - coloured urine - rash , fever , chills , chills - swelling of the face , lips , eyes or eyes - excessive sweating - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth or eyes ) - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - confusion - depression - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and eyes ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - blood clots in the lung blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) - allergic reactions such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , or dark - coloured urine - rash with or without fever - chills - chills - swelling of the face , lips , eyes or eyes - excessive sweating - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth or eyes ) - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - confusion - depression - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and eyes ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - blood clots in the lung blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) - allergic reactions such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , or dark - coloured urine - rash - fever - chills - chills - swelling of the face , lips , eyes or eyes - excessive sweating - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and eyes ) - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - confusion - confusion - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and eyes ) - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - confusion - confusion - depression - severe life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and eyes ) - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - confusion - confusion - depression - severe life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , lips , eyes or throat ) - agitation , confusion , depression - severe life - threatening allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , lips , tongue or eyes ) - agitation , confusion , depression - severe life - threatening allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , lips , tongue or eyes ) - agitation , confusion , depression - severe inflammation of the central nervous system ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and eyes ) - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - confusion - depression - depression - severe life - threatening allergic reaction ( e
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 7 ( see section 7 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); redness , pain and swelling where the injection is given . these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth or pain where the injection is given . warmth . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and your_blood_fluid . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects liver blood tests ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain blood tests ) low blood pressure ( shown in blood tests ) allergic reaction with the infusion such as a rash , a rash , drop in blood pressure , breathlessness and blurred vision ( macular oedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , drop in blood pressure , breathlessness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) immediate breathing difficulties if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) flu - like illness ( may affect up to frequent_urination in 10 people ) sore or painful throat pain in the mouth and throat inflammation of the mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) flu - like illness ( may affect up to frequent_urination in 10 people ) shingles ( localized including around the eyes or spread across the body ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) flu - like illness ( may affect up to frequent_urination in 100 people ) irregular heartbeat ( fractures ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following : a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a severe skin reaction ), or breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and / or anaphylaxis . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause a severe allergic reaction ), if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and / or other flu - like anaphylaxis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and / or flu - like symptoms . these may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). flu - like symptoms , which may be a sign of flu - like symptoms , which may be a sign of severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and / or flu - like symptoms . stop using zinforo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . other side effects may include : - if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : - skin infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising - skin infections - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching - itching - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the bilirubin ( an enzyme produced by the kidneys ) - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching - itching - bruising - skin infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the bilirubin ( an enzyme produced by the liver ) - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching - itching - bruising - skin infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the bilirubin ( an enzyme produced by the liver ) - stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching - itching - bruising - skin infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the bilirubin ( an enzyme produced by the liver ) - stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching - itching - bruising - skin infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the bilirubin ( an enzyme produced by the liver ) - stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching - itching - bruising - skin infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include hypersensitivity ( e . g . pain_in_limb ), swollen face , lips , tongue and / or throat , swollen face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your pain . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abnormal behaviour , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss , dilated pupils , cross eyes , cold eyes , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the eyes . difficulty with writing properly . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need medical treatment : you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - rapid heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - headache - vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle stiffness and pain - anaphylactic reaction : if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the above or other side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the following , stop taking xadago and tell your doctor straight away . - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - change in your blood pressure , which could make you feel pain , injury or stiffness - neck pain - bone pain - abnormal blood test results ( e . g . hypertension ). uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - pneumonia , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , 31 and other signs of parkinson ' s disease such as headache , confusion , fear , restlessness , feeling sleepy , speech disturbances , fainting , high or low blood pressure , changes in blood pressure ( hypertension ), - heart attack , hypertension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) - bruising - blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs ( deep vein thrombosis ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( may affect up to heart_failure in 10 , 000 people ): heart failure or breathing problems : breathing problems as these may be signs of allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening skin rashes with or without prednisolone and can be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking zytiga and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( sepsis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( sepsis ) when prednisolone is taken alone ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( sepsis ) when prednisolone is taken alone or in combination with prednisolone and / or arrhythmia . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): abnormal heart rhythm if you notice any changes to your heart beat , as these may be signs of a heart rhythm disorder called qt prolongation , see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 . arrhythmia or palpitations ( abnormal heart rhythm ), qt prolongation ( prolongation of the qt interval ) changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt prolongation which may affect how well your heart works and heart rhythm disturbances . arrhythmia may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), qt interval prolongation , arrhythmia and palpitations . rapid heart rate , changes to heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , ecg qt interval ). arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart rate , changes to heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , ecg qt interval ). arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , ecg , qt prolongation , arrhythmia or palpitations ). rapid heart rate , changes to the electrical interval of the heart ( prolongation of qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia and palpitations , slow heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), qt interval prolongation , arrhythmia and palpitations . rapid heart rate . changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) qt prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( prolongation of the qt interval ). qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) which may cause palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm . changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart_failure ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with shingles ) such as bleeding , inflammations , bleeding , tremor , neuropathy , visual disturbances , buzzing , memory impairment , buzzing , sudden loss of vision , and a fall in blood pressure on standing up which causes shortness of breath or difficulty breathing , inflammation of the skin , which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions " in a small blood vessels of the skin ), night sweats , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), itchy skin , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or urine , abnormal liver function tests , night sweats , scar , abnormal liver function test , night sweats , scar , abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to kidney problems , softening of the skin and other tissues ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , flu - like symptoms , facial erythema multiforme , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), itchy skin , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or urine , abnormal liver function tests , night sweats , scar , abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to kidney problems , softening of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , abnormal liver function tests , night sweats , scar , abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to kidney problems , softening of the skin ( erythema ), lupus - like syndrome ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the skin , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than one % of the skin surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious skin problems such as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using hefiya if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : hives ( rarely : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) these reactions are likely to happen during the infusion or up to 24 hours after the infusion . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . sometimes , symptoms may improve and then get worse later . serious side effects other side effects can occur at any time during the_infusion treatment , such as an antihistamine and paracetamol . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - bacterial or viral infections - bronchitis - reduction in white blood cells , which can cause you to infections more likely to develop serious infections ( including life - threatening allergic reaction ) - loss of appetite and / or irritability - difficulty in swallowing - itching ( including hives ) - hives ( feeling dizzy or dizzy ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - infections - respiratory tract infections - urinary tract infections - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of platelets in the blood - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of white blood cells ( hypersensitivity ) - high blood sugar - weight loss - swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema ) - changes in liver function tests - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of white blood cells ( hypersensitivity ) - high blood sugar - weight loss - swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema ) - changes in the way things taste - high levels of uric acid in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of these symptoms : chills : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movements each day or any bleeding at night . vomiting : if you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling dizzy or dizzy when you are not there . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . if this happens to you , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you have dizziness , fainting may not be ruled out for complications . complications of complications have been reported after using silodosin_recordati . if you notice any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . dizziness , if you notice any of the following symptoms during injection , seek medical advice from your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . previously see section " warnings and precautions ' in section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low red blood cell count ), thrombocytopenia ( a severe allergic reaction ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low red blood cell count ), thrombocytopenia ( a severe allergic reaction ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar levels ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar levels ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) with symptoms such as low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , chills and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ) with symptoms such as chills , wheezing , low blood pressure , dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your treatment with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled fever , - seizures ( fits ), - fever , - chills , - severe dizziness , - severe dizziness , - confusion , - seizures , - vomiting , - abdominal pain , - difficulty in breathing , severe headache , headache , - inflammation of the mucous membranes of the mouth , - a severe rash with blistering of the skin , - peeling of the skin or eyes , - severe loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by a liver disorder ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). - allergic reaction . - rash , itching , hives , urticaria , or peeling of the skin . - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been observed with temomedac : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upset stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced number of blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in white blood cells ( reduction of cells which help the blood to clot ) - reduction in red blood cells ( reduction of cells which help the blood to clot ) - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - rash - itching - hives ( urticaria ) - peeling skin ( urticaria ) - peeling of the skin - severe rash with peeling skin ( angioedema ) - peeling of the skin - yellowing of the liver and eyes ( jaundice ) - severe rash with peeling skin ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat ( angioedema ) - severe rash with peeling skin ( angioedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - severe rash with peeling skin which may be accompanied by a liver disorder ( uncommon ) the following side effects have been observed with the use of temomedac : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upset stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in white blood cells , reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of infection or reduction in the number of blood cells . - reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( reduction of cells which help the blood to clot ) which may be associated with breakdown of red or white blood cells , and blood cells ( cells that help the blood to clot ), which may be associated with rash , face_swelling , hives , urticaria , and peeling skin . - peeling of the skin . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat . - severe rash with peeling skin which may be accompanied by a liver disorder . - severe rash with peeling skin which may be accompanied by a liver disorder , - severe rash with peeling skin which may be accompanied by a liver disorder . - severe rash , which may appear on the skin or peeling of the skin , or other skin reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . other side effects in adolescents very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upset stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased number of blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ). - reduction in white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or wheezing ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ; - severe rash with peeling and peeling of the skin ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat ; - severe rash with peeling skin and / or blisters on the mouth , nose , mouth or genitals ; - severe rash with peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the skin ; - peeling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience serious allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , - difficulty in breathing , blood in urine , prolonged erection , pounding or fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles and feeling tired . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea , 75 - stomach ache , indigestion , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , presence of blood in urine , prolonged erection , pounding or fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , feeling tired . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue ( angioedema ) - hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting - seizures - passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - hives - itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting - seizures - passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - hives - itchy skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - seizures and passing memory loss - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - hives ( itchy red ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue ( angioedema ) - hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures and passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , hives ( red spots on the skin ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures and passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , hives ( red spots on the skin ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin ( erythema ) - hives ( urticaria ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures and passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ). symptoms such as swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating and anaphylactic reactions . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash ( rash ) 31 stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances or coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach_pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - fatigue - fatigue - headache - feeling short of breath - dizziness - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - uncomfortable feeling in the nose - pain in arms or legs - back pain - stomach pain - tiredness - fatigue - bruising or bleeding - a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - skin infection ( cellulitis ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - nose or gut pain - stomach pain - tiredness - fatigue - bruising or bleeding - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - joint pain - joint pain - pain - decreased function ( protein and protein ) - diverticulitis ( excess protein in the urine ) - diverticulitis ( excess protein in the urine ) - heartbeat - shaking ( inability to sleep ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( feeling generally unwell ) - injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , bruising or red spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - diverticulitis ( bleeding or bleeding in the digestive system ) - heartbeat - shaking ( inability to sleep ) - breast pain - feeling generally unwell - injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , bruising or red spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane lining the digestive tract lining ( diverticulitis ) - bleeding - bleeding or bleeding in the gut - heartbeat ( haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the lining of the intestine ( oesophagitis ) - bleeding in the stomach or bowels ( peripheral oedema ) - diverticulitis ( bleeding or bleeding ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - skin infection ( cellulitis ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - upper stomach or gut usually caused by inflammation of the stomach and / or gut - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . itching , burning pain , pain ) - fever - shivering - blurred vision - kidney problems including joint pain and pain - reduced function of the thyroid gland ( diverticulitis ) - excess of fluid in the tissues ( peripheral oedema ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - heartbeat - shaking ( difficulty moving ) - tumour lysis syndrome - feeling generally unwell - injection site reaction ( such as pain , redness , bruising or red spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane lining the digestive tract lining ( diverticulitis ) - bleeding or bleeding in the gut - heartbeat - shaking ( inability to sleep ) - breast pain - feeling generally unwell - injection site pain ( including pain , redness , bruising or swollen skin ) - haematoma ( runny nose ) - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the lining of the intestine ( oesophagitis ) - bleeding in the stomach or bowels ( peripheral oedema ) - diverticulitis ( bleeding or bleeding ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection of the upper chest ( bronchitis ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the lining of the stomach and gut ( gastroenteritis ) - inflammation of the stomach and intestine ( gastroenteritis ) - difficulties in swallowing ( dysphagia ) - pyoderma_gangrenosum - itching ( including red spots on the skin ) - pain - fever - shivering - blurred vision - kidney problems including joint pain and pain ( including urgent need to urinate ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - heartbeat - shaking ( difficulty moving ) - tumour lysis syndrome - feeling generally unwell - injection site reaction ( such as pain , redness , bruising or red spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - diverticulitis ( bleeding or bleeding ) - in your digestive system ( e . g . heartbeat , shaking ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , tingling sensation , stinging in the mouth or in the mouth and / or other parts of the iris ( see section " warnings and precautions ") runny or stuffy nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , joint pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , back pain , back pain , itching , generalised itchy rash on the skin , dry skin , irritation , itchy skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergy , herpes simplex , heart attack , congestive heart failure , blood clots in the veins of the legs , fluid around the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart failure , thirst , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart failure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or legs , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased frequency of urination , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal liver function , increased bile pigment in the blood , increased fatty substances in the blood stream , skin rash , redness of the skin , small particles or spots in your vision , blurred vision , sensitivity_to_light visual disturbance , eye redness , eyelid redness , eyelid sensitivity to light , small red spots on the skin , hair loss , eye redness , eyelid sensitivity to light , abnormal liver function , increased fatty enzymes in the blood , allergic skin reactions , redness of the skin , small particles or spots in your vision , blurred vision , sensitivity_to_light visual field , eye surface inflammation , eyelid irritation , sensitivity to light , abnormal liver function , increased blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or legs . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , tingling sensation ( pins and needles ) in the mouth and / or legs . - change in the colour of the iris . - runny or stuffy nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , joint pain , muscle spasm , difficulty in passing urine , - blood in urine , - eye_discharge , itching at the injection site , - swelling of the eyelid , - irritation of the eyelid , - irritation of the eyelid , - irritation of the eyelid . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergy , visual disturbances , congestive heart failure . - blood clots in the veins of the legs . - loss of blood supply to the heart , fluid around the heart , fluid around the lungs , fluid around the lungs , fluid around the lungs , fainting . - stroke . visual disturbances such as changes in heart rhythm , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid . - throat irritation , abnormal liver function . - itchy skin . - abnormal liver function . - increased sensitivity to sunlight . - abnormal liver function . - increased sensitivity of the skin to sun . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve system . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve system . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve system . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve system . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve system . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve system . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve system . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve system . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve system . - skin rash . - damage to the optic nerve ( optic neuritis ). - skin lesions . - painful skin sensitivity to light . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - fainting - stroke . - visual disturbances including decreased heart rate , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in the eyeball . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergy ; - potentially life - threatening
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) effects not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) upper respiratory tract infection runny nose and runny nose ( rhinorrhoea ) stomach pain ( rhinorrhoea ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion , abdominal pain nausea ( dyspepsia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) back pain ( arthralgia ) back pain , bone pain , discomfort or swelling in the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ), chest pain , chest pain , chest discomfort , urinary tract infection , high level of uric acid in the blood , low blood levels of uric acid , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low blood levels of uric acid , low calcium levels in the blood , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion , abdominal pain , wind ( flatulence ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , discomfort or pain in the arms or legs ( arthralgia ), muscular spasm or feeling unwell ( malaise ), swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema ), chest pain , chest pain , nasal discomfort , increased blood uric acid levels in the blood , low red blood cell count , low potassium levels in the blood , low red blood cell count , low haemoglobin level in the blood , low red blood cell count , low haemoglobin level in the blood , low red blood cell count , low red blood cell count , increase in the level of potassium in the blood ( seen in blood tests ), increase in the level of nitrogen in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion , abdominal pain , wind ( flatulence ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , bone pain , discomfort or pain in your arms and / or legs ( arthralgia ), muscular spasm or feeling unwell ( malaise ), swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema ). g . possible side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness or fainting which may be a sign of an increase in the level of blood fat in the blood ( copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if your blood pressure become low ( copd ), your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness or fainting which may be due to a drop in blood pressure in the lungs ( copd ) which may cause cough , shortness of breath , wheezing or asthma , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , mouth discomfort , dry mouth , tiredness and / or a high temperature . increased levels of some liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , mouth discomfort , dry mouth , tiredness and / or a high temperature . increased levels of some liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , mouth discomfort , dry mouth , tiredness and / or a high temperature . increased levels of some liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation or mouth , dry mouth , tiredness and / or a high temperature . increased levels of some liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat irritation , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation or fainting , confusion , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections ( which may be a sign of anaemia ), feeling tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , sleepiness , feeling short of breath , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , gut or abdominal pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching , itching raised itchy rash , hair loss , muscle aches , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , or muscle pain , muscle spasms , or muscle pain , muscle spasms , or weakness , chills , shivering , shivering , bleeding or bleeding . this can be a sign of a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections ( which may be due to low levels of white blood cells ), anaemia , tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , sleepiness , feeling short of breath , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , gut or abdominal pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching , itching raised itchy rash , hair loss , muscle aches , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , muscle spasms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abnormal dreams difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) headache dizziness headache palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain palpitations ( dizziness ) 34 palpitations ( fits ) joint pain palpitations ( dizziness , dizziness ) palpitations palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the sinuses inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain difficulty in sleeping ( dysgeusia ) stomach pain 34 vomiting , inflammation of the stomach inflammation of the mouth and lips stomach abdominal abdominal pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : fever , chills , weakness , shortness of breath , confusion or collapse . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . zoledronic acid teva generics may also cause other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if you experience a reduction in your urine output ( anaemia ), - headache and / or fatigue . these may be a sign of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - foamy urine , shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if you experience a reduction in your blood pressure ( anaemia ), - headache and / or fatigue . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your kidneys and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms of nerve damage , such as pain , stiffness , stiffness or stiffness . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills , fatigue , - bone and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of a low white blood cell count ( platelets ), seen in blood tests , which may indicate bleeding which may be a sign of liver problems - muscle weakness - an allergic reaction , which may include weakness , stomach ache , nausea , heartburn , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , headache , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach_discomfort , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low white blood cell count , platelets , a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) which may be associated with a high temperature , muscle weakness , and trouble in sleeping ( insomnia ), sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , temporary changes in vision - visual impairment , visual impairment , immediately , immediately contact your doctor immediately . - dry mouth , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) candidiasis ( which can cause mouth and back pain ) and pain in the back of the back and / or back ( urinary tract infection ) common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people o difficulty breathing or swallowing , runny nose , hoarseness , cough , fever , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hoarseness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face ( lips , tongue or throat ), coughing , wheezing or breathing difficulties ( dysuria ), pain in the chest ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ), pain in the arms or legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) or difficulty in breathing ( dysuria ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood pressure . your doctor may do a blood test to check your liver function . common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , stomach_pain , stomach_pain , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , lack of energy , muscle cramps , muscle or muscle stiffness , inability to obtain an erection , erectile dysfunction , breast pain , urinary retention ( inability to have blood urine ) and urinary tract infection ( e . g . kidney_stones ) and urinary tract infections ( e . g . pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), enlarged liver , pancreatitis , abnormal liver function tests ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure , pancreatitis , abnormal liver function ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( pancreatitis ), abnormal liver function tests , liver failure , yellow skin of the skin ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure ( pancreatitis ), yellow skin of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ), pancreatitis ( difficulties in swallowing ), pancreatitis , yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes ( possible signs of abnormal liver function ) pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), hepatic failure ( pancreatitis ), yellow skin of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) − liver failure , yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , liver failure , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ( yellow discolouration of the eyes ), dark - coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , kidney failure , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ( yellow discolouration of the eyes ), dark - coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellow skin or eyes ( possible signs of pancreatitis ) severe inflammation of the skin ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - feeling dizzy or sleepy on standing up ( feeling sleepy or sleepy ) - fast muscle contractions - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - burning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - feeling dizzy - headache - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - dry mouth - increased tear production - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - taste disturbance - vertigo - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the ears ( vertigo ) - feeling anxious , ringing in the ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - feeling nervous - feeling anxious , ringing in the ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , feeling anxious , ringing in the ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - feeling nervous - feeling anxious , ringing in the ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - excessive sweating - 37 - feeling anxious or having a muscle muscle spasms - feeling abnormal or feeling anxious - ringing in the ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - feeling nervous - feeling anxious , ringing in the ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , feeling anxious , ringing in the ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , feeling anxious , ringing in the ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the muscle - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - feeling jittery - ringing in ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever , chills , swelling of face , lips or tongue , muscle weakness or pain , itching , redness , peeling or blistering of the skin , severe rash with rash , skin rash or fever . - severe skin reactions ( frequency not known ): - severe rash , fever , or peeling skin , or fever . - severe skin reactions ( frequency not known ). - if you experience kidney injury , muscle weakness , swelling of the face and / or hand - in the hand and hand ( hand - foot ) blood clots ( frequency not known ) other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decreased white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - frequent stomach or pain - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests ( tiredness ) - pain - chest pain - redness or fever - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - heartburn - skin rash - itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests - heartburn - pain in the chest - chest pain - redness and peeling of the skin - allergic reactions ( see above ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - fever ) - chills - sunburn - severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - fever ) - chills - sunburn - severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral rash ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe skin reactions including darkening of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme ) ( see section " warnings and precautions ") - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reactions ( dress ) have been reported . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cases of kidney problems , such as muscle weakness , swelling of the face , hand and around the hand ( hand - foot ) - blood clots in the kidneys ( frequency not known ). other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decreased white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - infection of the stomach - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests ( fever ) - pain - chest pain - redness and fever - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn - skin rash - itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal heart rhythm - heartburn - liver enzymes - elevated liver enzymes - rash - peeling of the skin - allergic reactions ( see above ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - fever ) - chills - sunburn - severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - fever ) - chills - sunburn - severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - fever ) - chills - sunburn - severe skin reactions ( e . g . rash , skin peeling , fever ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions including itching and peeling of the skin - severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - fever ) - chills - sunburn - severe skin reactions ( e . g . rash , skin peeling , fever ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - kidney problems - muscle weakness - swelling of the face ( hand - filled ) blood clots in the kidneys ( frequency not known ) other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decreased white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching - this occurs in the first site . - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary failure . for any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , inability to sleep , indigestion , stomach pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , joint pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , trouble with urination , frequent urination , difficulty withholding your urine uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations or irregular heart beat , increased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , passing gas , stomach discomfort , pain or itching , generalised itching , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of heaviness , neck pain , pain in the arms or legs , feeling weak , loss of taste uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , increased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , passing gas , stomach discomfort , painful or painful urination , inflammation of the large intestine or the eye , pain , itching , generalised itching , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of heaviness , neck pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , feeling of heaviness in the chest ( signs of urination ) feeling irritable and unwell common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , increased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , passing gas , stomach discomfort , increased or painful skin sensation , pain , itching , generalised itchy rash , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of heaviness , neck pain , pain in the arms or legs , feeling weak , loss of taste uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , increased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , passing gas , stomach discomfort , increased or painful skin sensation , pain , itching , generalised itchy rash , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of heaviness , neck pain , pain in the arms or legs , feeling weak , loss of taste uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , increased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , passing gas , stomach discomfort , increased or painful skin sensation , pain , itching , generalised itching , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities pain in the arms or legs , reduced urine volume ( urination ), feeling of coldness of hands and feet , feeling unwell . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , increased blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , passing gas , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the large bowel , which may be associated with pain , itching , generalised generalised sensation of back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities pain of the arms or legs , feeling of heaviness in the urine , feeling of heaviness , feeling less hungry abnormal blood test results . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , increased blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , passing gas , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the large bowel , which may be associated with pain , itching , generalised generalised sensation of back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and white_cells . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . in general , the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( neutrophils ) and neutropenia ( a shortage of red blood cells ) which can be a sign of an infection . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . cough , vomiting , and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be a sign of bruising , bleeding , bruising or bleeding . if you do tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop your treatment . lower number of red blood cells ( e . g . neutrophils and neutropenia ) and / or a fever . these may be a sign of an infection . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your temozolomide sun dose will be reduced or treatment stopped . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . reduction in the number of certain white blood cells ( neutrophils ), which are important for you or your child may have an infection . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms : - a swollen face , chills , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the abdomen ( anaphylaxis ), anaphylaxis , skin rash ( which may lead to spleen damage ) - changes in spleen and behaviour . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor immediately . - pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - cough , vomiting and loss of appetite . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms : diarrhoea , feeling sick , fatigue , bruising , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . your doctor may give you another medicine to help reduce your dose or discontinue your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor will give you a medicine and will explain the dose and discontinue your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and the number of white , red blood cells and / or white blood cells ( e . g . neutrophils , neutropenia , or a fever ). - symptoms of an infection such as : - if you notice a rash , chills , drop in blood pressure , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may give you another medicine to reduce your dose . - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) or loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by diarrhoea , feeling sick ( fatigue ), fatigue , bruising , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . your doctor may give you another medicine to help reduce your dose or discontinue your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor will give you a medicine and will explain the dose and discontinue your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor will give you a medicine and will explain the dose and benefits of your first treatment . - reduction in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( neutrophils , neutropenia , with or without fever ). - an infection with a fever , a chills , chills , drop in blood pressure , which may cause difficulty breathing , swelling of the abdomen ( anaphylaxis ), anaphylaxis , skin rash ( which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition ). - diarrhoea , vomiting , loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by diarrhoea , feeling sick ( fatigue ), fatigue , bruising , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . your doctor may give you another medicine to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), as these may be signs of liver problems ( see also section 2 , ' warnings and precautions '): inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms include yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ), which may be signs of liver problems ( see also ' warnings and precautions "): inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following : pancreatitis : inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), jaundice , jaundice , which may cause yellowing of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness feeling jittery ( vertigo ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) injection site reactions ( such as bruising , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever fever low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea ( abdominal pain ), constipation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , diarrhoea , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , 50 pain in arms or legs , flu - like symptoms , pain in arms or legs , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , swollen abdomen , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching 50 common : flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , swollen abdomen , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching 50 common : flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , swollen abdomen , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( pruritus ), 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , blocked or blocked nose , nasal flu pain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , unusual hair loss , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - like symptoms flu , flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , ringing in the ears , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , swollen abdomen , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - heartburn , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , ringing in the ears , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or intestine , itching , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - skin redness , itching - itching - 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , blocked or blocked nose - heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in skin or dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - skin redness , itching - itching - 50 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , abdominal pain , tendon stones - thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin - rash , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching - itching 50 - flu - like illness - joint pain - difficulty sleeping - cough - flu - like symptoms - abdominal pain - mouth or throat irritation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn - unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin - joint pain - 50 - flu - like symptoms - flu - like symptoms flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping , cough - flu - like symptoms - abdominal pain - ringing in the ears - heartburn , diarrhoea - excessive gas in stomach or intestine - itching , dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching - dry skin - itching
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , skin disorders , fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands , fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands , skin disorders , fever , vomiting , diarrhoea , joint pain , swelling , redness , swelling , pain or tenderness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately or seek urgent medical attention if you experience any of the following serious side effects : swelling , tingling , groin or armpits pain in your armpits or armpits ( damage to the centre of your body ) breathing problems : if you have a rash , red or red spots on your skin ( agranulocytosis ), as these may indicate inflammation_of_the_liver . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , lack of energy , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness in a low blood pressure ( including anaemia ). tiredness , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of low level of red blood cells ), shingles , boils on the body ( agranulocytosis ), or boils ( nausea ). abdominal pain or indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling sleepy or tired , weak or weak muscles or unconsciousness . signs of a low blood pressure ( hypertension ) fever , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of a reduction in the number of red blood cells ) in the body , shingles , or other types of body problems ( e . g . fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( common ), ( may affect up to anaemia) in 10 people ) abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , lack of energy , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness in a low blood pressure ( hypotension ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) shingles , boils , boils , change in body temperature ( e . g . fever , sore throat , nose bleed , swollen hands , feet or muscles , vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , rash , hair loss , muscle weakness , feeling sleepy , tired or weak or unconsciousness ( signs of a low blood pressure ) ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or fever , fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) in the muscles ( agranulocytosis ), boils , boils , abnormal muscles sensation in the mouth , abnormal sensation in the muscles , numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness ( signs of a low blood pressure ) ( see also section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). kidney problems ( inflammation of the liver ), fever , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ) in the blood ( agranulocytosis ) with methotrexate treatment , liver inflammation , inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ) and / or boils ( including kidney failure ), inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( possible signs of abnormal build - up of acid in the body ) such as numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness in any part of your body ( damage to blood clots in the lung ). - fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ) in the blood ( agranulocytosis ) with methotrexate treatment , liver problems , inflammation of the liver ( agranulocytosis ), methotrexate patients , liver damage , inflammation of the liver , acne , collection of fluid in the lungs , increase in muscles size , numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness ( numbness or numbness ). this may indicate that you have a build - up of acid in the body , which may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( agranulocytosis ). methotrexate is very common with methotrexate treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , lack of energy , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness of the low blood pressure , anaemia , tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of reduction in the number of red blood cells ), vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , rash , hair loss , muscle weakness , feeling sleepy or tired , weak or weak muscles or unconsciousness . signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of a reduction in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) high or low blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) excessive thirst and hunger ( frequent and frequent urination ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) irregular or rapid heart beat high blood pressure cough , sore throat or diarrhoea stomach pain or diarrhoea stomach pain 36 the following side effects have also been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty or pain when passing urine fluid retention in arms or legs palpitations cough cough chest pain feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) cough cough chest pain feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses in the stomach or intestine ) throat irritation feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead nausea nausea 75 75 frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection ( reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction called an infusion - related reaction ( infusion reactions ). if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an infusion reaction to the infusion , which may be life - threatening . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an infusion reaction to the infusion , which may be life - threatening . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first hours of the infusion you may develop an infusion reaction . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction called hla - b * 5701 ( but you can get a reaction even if you develop a reaction called hla - b ) if you have a gene called hla - b * 5701 ( but you can get a reaction even if you take paracetamol to treat your infusion ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported side effects are headache , sickness , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite ( anorexia ), - loss of appetite , weight loss ( alopecia ), - tiredness ( pruritus ), - loss of appetite ( anorexia ), - weight loss ( alopecia ), - loss of appetite , - uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesia ), - joint stiffness , - neck or neck pain , - neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck or neck pain , neck
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . the most serious side effects of topotecan_actavis are : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash , itching , hives ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or low blood pressure ( shock ) and hives . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections ( common ): - signs of infections such as cough , sore throat or vomiting , severe tiredness , - stomach or diarrhoea , as these may be signs of bowel obstruction ( see also section 2 ). - if you experience any of the following signs or symptoms , stop taking topotecan_actavis and see a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing or cough - severe tiredness or hives . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling weak or tired - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness , weakness , vomiting , stomach pain , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), tiredness , weakness , tiredness , dizziness , breathing difficulties , cough , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , - constipation , nausea , constipation - constipation , - breathing difficulties , cough , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation , - breathing difficulties , cough , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation , - breathing difficulties , cough , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high or low blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headaches - drowsy or feeling sick - constipation - dry mouth - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach - stomach pain - stomach or intestine : increase in the number of certain types of white blood cells called magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate - weight gain - headaches - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - drowsy or drowsy - feeling or being sick - vomiting - dry mouth - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach - stomach pain - stomach or intestine : increase in the number of certain types of magnesium in the blood - high level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate - weight gain - headaches common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - coughing ( feeling sick ) - vomiting - dry mouth - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach - stomach pain - stomach or intestine : increase in the number of certain types of magnesium in the blood - high level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate - weight gain - headaches common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - coughing ( feeling sick ) - vomiting - dry mouth - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach - stomach pain - stomach or intestine : increase in the number of certain types of magnesium in the blood - high level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate - weight gain - headaches common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) - shortness of breath - nausea - vomiting - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach - stomach pain - stomach or intestine : increase in the level of some types of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , or uric acid in the blood , increased levels of phosphate , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate - weight gain - headaches common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - coughing ( feeling sick ) - vomiting - dry mouth - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach - stomach pain - stomach or intestine : increase in the number of certain types of magnesium in the blood - high level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate - weight gain - headaches common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - coughing up blood - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen ( pleural effusion ) - feeling cold - nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the stomach , stomach or intestine , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate - weight gain - headaches common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - coughing up blood - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen ( pleural effusion ) - feeling cold - nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some constituents of the magnesium , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , or phosphate - high blood pressure - headaches - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - coughing ( feeling sick ), vomiting - dry mouth - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain in the abdomen - stomach discomfort - stomach or intestine : increase in the level of some types of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , or phosphate - increase in liver enzymes - increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , or phosphate - weight gain - headaches common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - coughing up blood - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen ( pleural effusion ) - feeling cold - nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some constituents of the magnesium , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , or phosphate - high blood pressure - headaches - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . you may have early signs of severe allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "): swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause skin rashes and burning or prickling sensation ( common ). if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or difficulties in your thigh ( uncommon ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and cornea ( anaemia ) or in the number of all blood cells ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ). some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , tingling or stinging of the skin , blurred vision , blurred vision , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion feeling or being sick . side effects seen with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) 47 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye inflammation , eye inflammation , eye itching , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick ( nausea ). side effects with the following frequencies : 47 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye irritation , eye itching , eye itching , eye itching , light sensitivity , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick ( nausea ). uncommon side effects 47 47 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye irritation , eye irritation , eye_swelling eyes , watery eyes , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick ( nausea ). side effects reported with the following frequencies : 47 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye irritation , eye eye_swelling , ringing in the ears , light sensitivity , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling jittery . some side effects have been reported since the marketing of ganfort : 47 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye irritation , eye irritation , eye itching , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , light sensitivity , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick . side effects seen with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) 47 : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye irritation , eye irritation , eye itching , light sensitivity , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick . side effects seen with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) 47 : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye irritation , eye irritation , eye itching , light sensitivity , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick . side effects seen with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) 47 : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye irritation , eye itching , eye irritation , eye itching , light sensitivity , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick . side effects seen with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) 47 : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , changes in sense of taste , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , visual impairment , eye pain , eye irritation , eye itching , light sensitivity , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick . side effects seen with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the inside of the iris ( cornea ), damage to the clear layer of the iris ( cornea bullous ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and tell a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : hives , nettle skin , itchy , raised patches on your skin ( hives ), nettle skin rash , blisters on the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe skin reactions with symptoms such as : o blood in your urine , pain when passing urine or swallowing , severe fever , vomiting , inflammation of the skin , ulcers of the mouth , blisters or peeling of the skin . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common : vomiting ( feeling sick ), nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , dry mouth , pain , redness , bruising or bleeding : common : may affect up to burning_sensations_during_urination in skin colour , change in the colour of the skin and cornea ( the signs may include pain , redness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bleeding in the nose , nose or throat . pain in the upper right area of the stomach or abdomen , pain in the upper right area of the stomach or abdomen , pain in the upper right area of the stomach or abdomen , pain in the upper right side of the stomach area , pain in the upper right side of the stomach area , pain , redness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bruising or small areas in the skin , red or purple spots caused by an inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . itchy , dry , skin ) or other side effects include dehydration , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , sick ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , dry mouth , pain , redness , bruising , bleeding , fatty tissue from the skin , rash in the area around the mouth . the signs may include pain , redness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bruising or small areas in the skin , darkening of the skin or the whites of the eyes , nail or abdominal pain , inflammation of the liver . the following reactions have been reported . the most common side effects are pain , redness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bruising , bruising . on the skin , lumps on the skin or inside the mouth , the tube from the mouth , the genital areas or the stomach_area . the cornea may become severe . the signs may include pain , redness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising or small areas in the skin . a small number of patients have experienced a small reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in the blood . blood in the urine . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . jaundice is yellowing of the skin or the whites of your body , serious allergic reaction which may include sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing , fever , difficulty breathing or protein_in_your_urine , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) leading to bleeding in the brain . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose , mouth or tongue or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , fever , difficulty breathing or painful breathing ( angioedema ) as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath , speaking on your tongue or lips and body pain . serious side effects other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - symptoms of urinary tract infection - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - skin reactions at the site of injection - injection site reactions ( such as numbness , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired - difficulty in falling or staying asleep - feeling tired - pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - skin reactions at the site of injection - injection site reactions ( such as numbness , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , abnormal vision - blurred vision - flu - like symptoms ( e . g . pain , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , abnormal vision - difficulty in walking - flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - swelling of the face - lips , tongue or tongue - numbness , burning or pain - headache - feeling tired , abnormal vision - blurred vision - pain in the limbs - injection site reactions ( including pain , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , difficulty in falling or staying asleep - difficulty in falling asleep - tiredness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - skin reactions or injection site reactions at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as numbness , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , abnormal vision - difficulty in falling or staying asleep - tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - skin reactions or injection site reactions at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as numbness , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , abnormal vision - difficulty in falling or staying asleep - tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - skin reactions or injection site reactions at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as numbness , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , abnormal vision - difficulty in falling or staying asleep - tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - skin reactions or injection site reactions at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as numbness , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , abnormal vision - difficulty in falling or staying asleep - tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - application site reactions , such as numbness , burning , pain or pain in the limbs - joint pain or mouth reactions at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , difficulty in falling or staying asleep - difficulty in falling asleep - tiredness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - skin reactions or injection site reactions at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as numbness , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , abnormal vision - difficulty in falling or staying asleep - tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - application site reactions including injection site pain or injection site reactions ( including numbness , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired , abnormal vision - difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you : experience : - fever , chills , sore throat or coughing and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause severe rash with fever , chills , inability to sleep , loss of taste , hair loss , itchy skin , skin reddening , feeling of ankle_swelling , heart attack , blood clot in a artery of your back especially in the hands or anus ( symptoms include heart_failure - heart_failure ) - heart_failure ( heart failure ) - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain , constipation , heartburn ( indigestion ) and flatulence ( 2 ). see section 2 . severe abdominal numbness , fever , chills , sore throat or coughing up of blood pressure , headache , chills or high blood pressure . symptoms may include tiredness , paleness , dizziness , tingling sensations , feeling sick , weight loss and weight gain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , flatulence ( flatulence ), dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , - blood clot in the veins , especially in the hands or anus ( symptoms include : - heart_failure - heart_failure ) - heart problems including shortness of breath or heart attack , feeling sick , being sick ( flatulence ), - stomach ( abdominal ) pain , constipation , heartburn ( indigestion ), and flatulence ( 2 ). see section 2 . - severe stomach ( abdominal ) fever , fever , chills , sore throat or coughing up of blood pressure , headache , severe headache that does not go away . these may be symptoms of a high level of some blood cells . symptoms include tiredness , paleness , dizziness , numbness , tingling sensations , feeling sick , weight loss and weight gain . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( sick ), indigestion , flatulence ( constipation ), dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( sick ), indigestion , flatulence ( constipation ), dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( sick ), indigestion , flatulence ( constipation ), dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( sick ), indigestion , flatulence ( constipation ), dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( sick ), indigestion , flatulence ( constipation ), dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( sick ), indigestion , flatulence ( constipation ), dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache ( lethargy ), feeling sick , being sick ( sick ), indigestion , flatulence ( constipation ), dry mouth
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to contact your doctor if you develop lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle_weakness * - muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and loss of parts of the body - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as it may be a sign of an infection caused by stribild . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called lactic acidosis , and can be fatal . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any symptoms of infection or inflammation . other side effects include : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called autoimmune_disorders . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called autoimmune_disorders if they drink alcohol if their immune systems are very weak if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called autoimmune_disorders if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rapid breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rapid breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - frequent urination - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness , itching , pain , swelling or redness - redness of the skin - discomfort or abdominal pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - urinary tract infection ( pneumonia ) - abdominal pain or discomfort - an increase in some liver enzymes - symptoms include rash , itching or hives on the skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or throat and / or swelling or redness of the skin - spasms - spasms - tooth injury reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your skin with or without the_signs . these could be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effects include fever , chills , severe fever , stiff neck , loss of consciousness , fever , chills , weakness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising or minor bruising have been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : 25 common ( may affect up to additional_side_effects in 25 ): bleeding , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising ; bleeding , bruising ; bleeding , bruising ; bleeding , bruising ; bleeding , bruising ; rapid swelling of the limbs . general side effects : 25 common : pain , chest , chest , chest and chest pain , difficulty in breathing , fever , chills , flu like symptoms , flu - like illness , mental symptoms such as fever , chills , sore throat , cough , severe tiredness ; dental problems ; fever , chills , sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness with stiff neck , back or back pain , fever , chills , sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness with stiff neck , neck or back pain , fever , chills , sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness with stiff neck , neck or back pain , fever , chills , sore throat , cough , severe tiredness ; dental problems ; fever , chills , sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness with stiff neck , back or back pain , fever , chills , sore throat or cough ; severe tiredness ; feeling weak , loss of appetite ; fever ; chills ; severe chills ; dental problems ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough ; severe tiredness ; dental disorders ; fever ; chills ; sore throat , cough
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itchy skin or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . symptoms include : - sudden wheezing , feeling faint or collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , or any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , or if you get memory loss , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be more common at the start of vaccination . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking bexsero and see a doctor straight away . the following side effects have been observed with bexsero : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , hot sensation ) at the injection site and headache was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including rash , swollen face , fingers , feet or fingers ( peripheral oedema ) generally feeling unwell or generally unwell 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , fainting 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 feeling generally unwell and fever . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , small red or purple spots on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing or itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 feeling generally unwell and fever . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , small red or purple spots on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing or itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 feeling generally unwell and fever . the injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , fainting or 23 fits . see section 2 for more information about signs of allergic reactions . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing , itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( see also section 11 " warnings and precautions "). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 feeling generally unwell and fever . the injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , fainting or 23 fits . see section 2 for more information about signs of allergic reactions . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , coughing , itchy skin or blisters . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( such as rash , redness of the skin , fingers and around the fingers ) feeling unwell or generally unwell 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures / fainting and 23 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of adverse_reactions may be increased when docetaxel teva pharma is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions may occur , which may include a swollen face , itching , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , and difficulty in breathing , chills , flushing or low blood pressure . if this is not treated it may lead to more_severe_reactions . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of medicines the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; common : may affect up to arms in 10 people . infections : reduced number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; common : may affect up to your_skin_to_peel in 10 people infections of the nose , hands or feet ; nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body )* change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; and a build - up of acid in the body , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; in the jaw , or mid - this may be a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ). talk to your doctor if you experience muscle pain , pains or pains in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , pains or pains in your thigh , hip or groin as this may relate an a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen ). you may experience muscle aches and pains , or pain in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking intuniv and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash or chest pain or discomfort while being treated with intuniv or after stopping treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - headache - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) common : may affect up to in 10 people - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal pain - headache ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( dyspepsia ) headache - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - rash - feeling tired ( malaise ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling sleepy - insomnia ( nervousness ) - tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - gas ( flatulence ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling sleepy - insomnia ( nervousness ) - tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - gas ( flatulence ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling sleepy - insomnia ( nervousness ) - tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - oral thrush ( thrush ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling sleepy - insomnia ( nervousness ) - tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - oral thrush ( thrush ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - change in blood sugar levels - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - changes in liver enzymes - rash , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash ( pruritis ) - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - rash , itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain , vomiting , nausea - vomiting 29 - stomach pain - liver disorders - rash , itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain , vomiting - diarrhoea , stomach pain , low blood pressure , flushing - diarrhoea , vomiting , 29 - stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms listed above . severe allergic reaction ( hives ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with adynovi were : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form uncommonly ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens you or your child may , stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , generalised itching , hives ( wheals ), where the injection is given , wheezing , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , symptoms of allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and feeling of general discomfort , light - headedness , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting ) or other breathing problems . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . flu - like symptoms , such as rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and loss of consciousness , fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms above . flu - like symptoms , such as hives . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects - bone pain - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , headache - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - altered sense of taste - dry mouth - vomiting - diarrhoea - vomiting - dizziness , drowsiness , headache - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , weight gain , drowsiness ) - dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , weight gain - drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness - generalised headache , dizziness - dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness , - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - vomiting ( nausea ), - nausea . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - dizziness , drowsiness , breast pain ( arthralgia ), - swelling of the throat , - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness , - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness , - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness ( tingling of the hands and feet ) - dizziness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness , - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness , - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness , - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness , - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness - generalised swelling ( oedema ), - dizziness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain 68 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat palpitations ( awareness of heart beat ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 68 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people : headache joint pain , back pain 68 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat faster heart beat awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ) fainting drowsiness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 68 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but serious side effect called lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - drowsiness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - unusual abdominal pain or discomfort - bone pain - muscle weakness - a marked increase in blood pressure - a liver enzyme called gamma gt ( indicating how well your liver is working ) - a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 - feeling weak - drowsiness - weakness , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), feeling bloated - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual , - muscle pain , muscle weakness , or a reduction in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden decrease or loss of vision ) - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - dizziness - drowsiness - headache - muscle pain - liver enzymes which may show an increase in some liver enzymes - creatinine in your blood - low blood cell count ( a type of white blood cell ) - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - 60 - feeling weak , drowsiness , weakness , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), feeling bloated , passing wind ( flatulence ), - problems with your liver ( seen in blood tests ) - low blood cell count ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) - 60 - feeling weak , drowsiness , weakness , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), feeling bloated , passing wind ( flatulence ), - problems with your liver ( seen in blood tests ) - low blood cell count ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to low levels of platelets ) - 60 - feeling weak , drowsiness , weakness , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), feeling bloated , passing wind ( flatulence ), - problems with your liver ( seen in blood tests ) - low blood cell count ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to low levels of platelets ) - 60 - feeling weak , drowsiness , weakness , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), feeling bloated - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual . this may be a sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - drowsiness - dizziness - feeling weak - nausea ( being sick ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - passing more urine than normal or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass water more frequently than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual - blood tests may show an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood ( immunoglobulins ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 - feeling weak - drowsiness - weakness , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), feeling bloated - passing more urine than normal or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). stop taking orgalutran and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , abdominal pain , swelling , redness or redness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction called an infusion reaction ( e . g . paracetamol or paracetamol ) may occur . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first hours of the infusion you may develop an infusion reaction . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first hours of the infusion you may develop an infusion reaction . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction called hla - b * 5701 ( but you can get a reaction even if you develop a reaction called hla - b ) if you have a gene called hla - b * 5701 ( but you can get a reaction even if you do not have this gene ). you should contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported side effect are headache , sickness ( vomiting ), nausea , nausea , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives or itching . these could be symptoms of stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as rash , shortness of breath , cough , and difficulty breathing . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): liver failure , which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , o raised areas of the skin that itch and difficulty in breathing . some side effects could be serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching - this occurs in the first site . - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps ( potential signs of a serious allergic reaction ) if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergy ( a type of allergy ) such as pain , swelling , redness or fever . at the beginning of treatment the following side effects have also been reported in patients treated with fetcroja : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , redness or swelling . tests may also show an increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests ; increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests ; increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests ; increase in liver enzymes ; raised liver enzymes in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of allergy include : a feeling of pain , redness , swelling or other severe infections which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) with symptoms such as symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling or swelling around the infusion site signs and symptoms include : pain , redness , swelling or other parts of the body , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lungs or lungs . blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes enzymes in blood tests . you may also have symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the area of the lower area of the lung . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following signs of an infection , such as pain , redness , swelling or other parts of the body . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a low level of calcium in your blood . this may be seen in blood tests . these include : if you have symptoms of pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in your ankles and / or throat . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following signs of an infection , such as pain , redness , swelling or other parts of the body . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a low level of calcium in your blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , redness or swelling . in blood tests may show increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy signs may include pain , redness , swelling and / or breathing problems . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a high temperature shown up in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) decrease in the number of allergy in the blood . symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling or other severe infections which may be life - threatening . low levels of some blood enzymes shown in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ). some patients have developed pain , redness , swelling or other signs of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people blindness , numbness , tingling or numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): confusion , blindness , numbness , tingling , dizziness , shaking , shaking , confusion , dizziness , nausea , confusion , shaking , tingling , numbness or tingling . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood pressure and what to do if you get any of the above . your doctor will tell you what to do if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , dizziness , shaking . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) runny or blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , sudden difficulty breathing or breathing difficulties , wheezing , coughing , voice alteration ( sinus congestion ) blocked nose , sneezing , headache pain in the upper abdomen , abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat hot flush , candidiasis ( high or low blood sugar ) muscle spasm skin rash , rash , abnormal swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor immediately . - a fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is a common side effect . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; blood in the urine ; inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; inflammation of the pancreas characterised by severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever and breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; blood in the urine ; inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; inflammation of the pancreas characterised by severe abdominal pain , fever and breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; blood in the urine ; inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; inflammation of the pancreas characterised by severe abdominal pain , fever and breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; blood in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood cells ; inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) or severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever and breathing difficulties ; if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects . the most common side effect of lamivudine_teva is treatment which may affect more than one in 10 people . the most common side effect of lamivudine_teva is overweight ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you develop a muscles pain , difficulty in swallowing , or swallowing . you may be more likely to get any_other_symptoms during treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition during or after treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor will check your blood regularly and take you at the beginning of your treatment . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people problems with your liver and transaminases ( transaminases ) stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high levels of enzymes produced in the blood ( enzymes produced by the muscles ) changes in the way the liver is working ( transaminases ) which will show up on the liver and transaminases . allergic reaction that may include skin rash , raised bumps on the skin that is covered with an allergic reaction . muscle_tissue may cause liver damage and may be life - threatening . your doctor should monitor your heart function before and during treatment but you should tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor will check your blood regularly and transaminases and will decide if you experience pain in the upper left side of the body . this may be due to severe damage to your body and may be life - threatening . your doctor should monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are taking lamivudine . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . lamivudine and / or liver enzymes . pain in the upper right side of your body . difficulty in swallowing or breathing contact a doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . treatment with lamivudine medac may occasionally occur . your doctor will monitor your heart function before and during treatment and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor will check your blood regularly and transaminases and will monitor the best dose . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are taking lamivudine . your doctor will check your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are taking lamivudine . your doctor will check your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your immune system becomes stronger , and may include pain in the muscles and back . difficulty in swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones such as pain in your bones and difficulty in swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop the condition . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your treatment . therapy will be closely monitored for any changes in your health function . if you notice any of the side effects above , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pain or redness tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may indicate serious side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) stop taking nespo and tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) - if you notice any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits at the site of injection . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be the sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to the_injection_procedure in 10 people ) such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be the sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to the_injection_procedure in 10 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking this medicine and see a doctor straight away . blurred vision , such as rash , itching , high blood pressure , increased liver enzymes in the blood 2 ( palpitations ), palpitations , and chest pain . increased blood pressure . increased liver enzymes in the blood . increased skin sensitivity to light . rash , night sweats , hair loss , redness of the eye , dry eye , back pain , itchy skin . back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in the back , back pain . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): tell your doctor if you have any of the following : high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . the severity of these side effects cannot be estimated from the available data . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have also been reported with this medicine : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). palpitations ( fits ), chest pain , increased blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . the severity of these side effects is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience such symptoms , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be the sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of low blood sugar : headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only last up from a few days or weeks . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): palpitations ( tear in the lens of the eye ) and cornea ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions ") which may be a symptom of high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . the severity of these side effects cannot be estimated from the available data . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea . these side effects are usually mild and only last up from a few days or weeks . blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure and increased liver enzymes tiredness , shivering , chest pain , increased liver enzymes in the blood . itchy rash , rash , night sweats , hair loss , redness of skin , back pain , back pain , pain in the back , back pain , musculoskeletal pain , back pain , tiredness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , rash , itching ( pruritus ), nail disorder ( conjunctivitis ), nail disorder ( conjunctivitis ), ear pain , tiredness , shivering , chest pain , increased liver enzymes in the blood , itchy rash , rash , night sweats , hair loss , redness of skin , back pain , back pain , pain in the back , back pain , musculoskeletal pain , back pain , pain in the back , back pain , pain in the limbs and back pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , rash , rash ( itchy rash ), nail disorder ( conjunctivitis ), ear pain , tiredness , shivering
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may occur uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash , which may be itching and darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness , numb or tingling of hands and / or feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome ). pain or swelling in the hands and feet ( including hand - foot syndrome ) pain , swelling , redness or numb of the skin , palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ), pain , swelling , redness or itching of the skin of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ), pain , swelling , redness or itching of the skin of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . pain , swelling and redness of the skin of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . pain , swelling and / or redness of the skin . in a small number of cases , digestive_enzymes may cause pain in the upper left side of the hands or soles of the feet , which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . slowing of growth in children and adolescents . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking cinacalcet_accordpharma and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) breathing difficulties : if you have a rash , rash or hives tell your doctor immediately as these may be signs that your calcium levels are too low ( hypocalcaemia ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( nausea ), vomiting common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache , dizziness , constipation , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , rash , urticaria ( urticaria ), - muscle aches or cramps , back pain , muscle aches or cramps , - convulsions ( seizures ), seizures ( fits ), 50 - muscle spasms , muscle aches , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle cramps or cramps - tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm - abdominal pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - low vitamin d levels in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm , - abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm , - abdominal pain , - muscle aches , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - nausea and vomiting , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - low vitamin d levels in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm , - abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm or cramps ( asthenia ), - back pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - low vitamin d levels in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm , - abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm or cramps ( asthenia ), - back pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - low vitamin d levels in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm , - abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm or cramps ( asthenia ), - back pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - oral abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - low vitamin d levels in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , - muscle cramps , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm , - abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - nausea and vomiting , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - low vitamin d levels in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm , - abdominal pain , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle cramps , - muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - nausea , vomiting , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - low vitamin d levels in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , - numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - muscle spasm , - abdominal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects . if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately . if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives ( urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( rare ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a serious allergic reaction , stop taking jentadueto and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , if you experience shortness of breath , wheezing , cough and shortness of breath which may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives ( urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or wheezing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in a liver test results ( pancreatitis ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - a very rare effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or sweating , or vomiting ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). - a wide decrease very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or sweating , or vomiting ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). - a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or sweating , or vomiting ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). - a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or sweating , or vomiting ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). - a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or sweating , or vomiting ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). - a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , chills , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , stomach ache , your doctor may find changes in your liver function and bilirubin ( bilirubin ) your doctor will advise you how to deal your blood tests and liver enzymes ( bilirubin , triglycerides , bilirubin , bilirubin ). your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms , such as lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin or bilirubin . symptoms include : rash , sweats , fever , chills , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , and acute loss of appetite . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract swelling common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): weight gain or tired ( due to nerve damage ) vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience chest pain , oedema , swelling or fluid retention ( oedema ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): increase in certain white blood cells ( anaemia ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). diabetes may lead to diabetes . if you experience chest pain or angina , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . stroke ( this may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the legs ) has also been reported with metformin . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) blockage of the lens of the eye ( macular oedema ) has been reported in patients treated with diabetes . there have been reports of increased bleeding in the eye . increased pressure in the eye . additional side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching - this occurs in the first site . - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_mylan is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , upper abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath or fainting , which may be signs of a blood clot in the veins of the skin , eyes , eyes or throat , difficulty in breathing or discomfort , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or discomfort , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - headache - paleness - dizziness , sleepiness , cough , shortness of breath , feeling unwell ( fluttering or discomfort ) - diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( feeling sick ) - difficulty sleeping - eye pain - discomfort or ringing in the ears - chest pain , throat irritation and vomiting - 28 - dizziness , feeling unwell , fainting - difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation - diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears - chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation and vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation and vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation and vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation and vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation and vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation - vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation and vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears - chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation and vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears - chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears - chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , hot flushes ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), nausea , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , swelling of the eyelid , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose , inflamed or runny nose , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose , inflamed nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose , inflamed or runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked or runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked or runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked or runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose , severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose , inflamed nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose , severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ); inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose , inflamed nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked or runny nose and sore throat ) o inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose , severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ); inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose , severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ); inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose ( stomatitis ); inflammation of the mouth ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked or runny nose and sore throat ); inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked or runny nose and sore throat ); inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), difficulty in swallowing ( dyspnoea ); slow heart rate ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked or runny nose and sore throat ); inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose or sore throat ( stomatitis ); inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); common symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked_or_stuffy_sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), blocked nose or sore throat ( stomatitis );
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , tell your doctor if you experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - abnormal,_uncontrolled_movements_of_the_limbs) - dizziness - nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache - anxiety - abnormal dreams - amnesia ( memory loss ) - hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion - tiredness ( fatigue ) - abnormal vision - hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion - tiredness ( fatigue ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - weight loss - decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulty to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known : - after stopping or reducing your mirapexin treatment : evaluation of these muscle problems . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( very common ) - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - headache - dry mouth - eye irritation - eye irritation - increased feeling in the eye - increased sensitivity to light - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - blurred vision - light - coloured , light - coloured , coloured vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended fatigue with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of body temperature a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) widespread rash , blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - contact a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions such as hives ( hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . contact a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : hives or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , upper abdominal pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain - discomfort or frequent urination - frequent urination - blood in urine - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and pain where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , rash , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , decreased mood , changes in sexual interest , breast pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , decreased mood , changes in sexual interest , breast pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , decreased mood , changes in sexual interest , breast pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): encephalopathy ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life threatening muscle disorder . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): excessive activation of lactic acid in the blood , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): excessive activation of lactic acid in the blood , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome , which causes muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life threatening muscle disorder . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of back_pain ) back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life threatening muscle disorder . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) posterior crisis ( a rare severe diarrhoea ), muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome , which causes muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): excessive activation of lactic acid in the blood , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome , which causes muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue ( signs of muscle problems ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life threatening muscle disorder . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of back_pain ) back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life threatening muscle disorder . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) posterior crisis ( a rare side effect which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ) stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , muscle aches , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include trouble breathing or breathing , dizziness , itching of the skin or hives . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , stomach or stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain or stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , or pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting or diarrhoea , stomach pain , reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10,000 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) feeling light - headed ( nausea ) increase in liver enzymes ( liver function ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) liver problems that may be a sign of liver problems . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
