like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , hives , rash , rash , reddening of the skin , hives ( urticaria ), as a severe allergic reaction , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , which can appear as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using incivo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - tiredness - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath ( fatigue ) - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a creatinine ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath ( fatigue ) - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in the urine ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath ( fatigue ) - decreased urine output ( sign of a decreased level of white blood cells ) - creatinine in your blood - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath ( fatigue ) - increased level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction or death . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zinbryta . symptoms related to a hypersensitivity reaction ( very common ) with symptoms such as feeling sad ( fatigue ) or hopeless ( these may be signs of a urinary tract infection ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( common ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( bronchitis ), upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( stomatitis ) upper respiratory tract infection ( signs include sore throat and runny nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( signs include sore throat and runny nose ), sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), upper respiratory tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), upper respiratory tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), upper respiratory tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis , runny nose , sore throat ( oropharyngeal infection ), urinary tract infection , bronchitis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , the following side effects have been reported : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may also cause a very serious side effect called hypoglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking hypoglycaemia and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to generally_mild/moderate . if you develop a skin rash or if you develop any of the following symptoms : o swelling , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , or sweating , or anaphylactic shock ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ): - hypoglycaemia ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , or sweating , or anaphylactic shock ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). other side effects are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - injection site reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you develop symptoms such as swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , or sweating - anaphylactic reactions . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - symptoms of swelling - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - abnormal liver function tests - rash - itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - excess of bilirubin in your blood - abnormal liver function tests - rash - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( rash ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - excess of bilirubin in your blood - abnormal liver function tests - rash - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( rash ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - excess of bilirubin in your blood ( decreased bile pigment ) - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - itchy rash - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased bilirubin in liver function ) - rash - itchy skin - itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - excess of bilirubin in your blood ( decreased bile pigment ) - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - itchy rash - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal liver function
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pumarix . allergic reactions if you have a seizure , which lasts continuously for more than one hours following the following side effects have been reported : hives and urticaria ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking pumarix in combination with vaccine . signs and symptoms include headache , dizzy , feeling very sleepy , being sick ( stomach_pain ), stomach pain , joint pain and muscle cramps . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . allergic reactions such as redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or feet which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas . if you are being treated for vaccine , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if you experience any of the following side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever - flu - like symptoms : - sick ( feeling sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - muscle cramps - urinary tract infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - joint pain - muscle cramps - urinary incontinence - allergic reactions including low blood pressure and shock - this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - injection site pain , redness and swelling and / or swelling at the site of the injection . these usually disappear after a few days or weeks . - if you have flu - like symptoms , including flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like illness , - flu - like symptoms , - feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle cramps and muscle cramps . - inability to obtain or maintain an erection . - allergic reactions such as redness and swelling at the site of injection . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as swelling , difficulty breathing , stinging , stinging . at the injection site : itching at the injection site . if this happens to you , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are described below : most side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of an infusion . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : 46 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells or bruising possible signs are tiredness , sore throat or mouth ulcers . infections : if you experience bleeding from the gums , stomach or throat , tiredness or bruising , as these may indicate signs of tiredness , sore throat or mouth ulcers . infections : if you experience pain in your abdomen or side of your throat . chest pain or shortness of breath ( oedema ). if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , sore throat or mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ), decreased number of platelets in your blood ( which can cause yellowing of your liver or the whites of your throat ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( oedema ). if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , sore throat and mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ), decreased number of platelets in your blood ( which can cause yellowing of your liver or the whites of your throat ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( oedema ). if any of these side effects causes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , sore throat or mouth sores ( stomatitis ), decreased number of platelets in your blood ( which can cause yellowing of your liver or stomach or throat ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( oedema ). if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been observed by general : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , sore throat and mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ), decreased number of platelets in your blood ( which can cause yellowing of your liver or the whites of your throat ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( oedema ). if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , sore throat or mouth sores ( stomatitis ), decreased number of platelets in your blood ( which can cause yellowing of your liver or stomach or throat ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( oedema ). if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been observed by general : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , sore throat or mouth sores ( stomatitis ), decreased number of platelets in your blood ( which can cause yellowing of your liver or stomach or throat ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( oedema ). if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or a wheezing , coughing or wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , a rapid heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , or a general feeling of bodily discomfort , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing , coughing , coughing or wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing breathing problems these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing or wheezing or difficulty breathing which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . make your child ' s doctor straight away if you develop rapid breathing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing or wheezing or difficulty breathing which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . make your child ' s doctor straight away if you develop rapid breathing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing or wheezing or difficulty breathing which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you develop a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which can make you feel faint or coughing , wheezing which may be signs of difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing or wheezing or difficulty breathing which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . make your child ' s doctor straight away if you develop rapid breathing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing or wheezing or difficulty breathing which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . make your child ' s doctor straight away if you develop rapid breathing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . make your child ' s doctor straight away if you develop rapid breathing , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a sudden decrease or loss of vision , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a sudden decrease or loss of vision , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rapid breathing breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the face , lips or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in limb ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity ( arthralgia ) - pain in the arms or legs - urinary tract infection - allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and skin rash other common side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in the arms and / or legs ) 38 - urinary tract infection - allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin or skin rash other side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and mucous membranes ( exfoliative dermatitis ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in the arms and / or legs ) 38 - urinary tract infection - allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin or skin rash other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( exfoliative dermatitis ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity ( arthralgia ) - infection of the urinary tract ( fungal infection ) - allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin or skin rash other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( exfoliative dermatitis ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity ( arthralgia ) - infection of the urinary tract ( fungal infection ) - allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin or skin rash other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( exfoliative dermatitis ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity ( arthralgia ) - infection of the urinary tract ( fungal infection ) - allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin or skin rash other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection of the bone caused by a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in the blood . headaches , tiredness , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain and tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection , decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood , headaches , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , chest tightness , swelling of the face , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , chest pain , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , high blood pressure , joint pain , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle pain , or tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection , decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood , headaches , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , rapid breathing , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , chest pain , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , bone pain , muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , or tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection , decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood , headaches , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , rapid breathing , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , chest pain , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , bone pain , muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , or tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection , decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood , headaches , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , rapid breathing , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , chest pain , swelling of the legs , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , pain in the chest , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , abnormal sensations such as joint or joint pain , muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , muscle pain , pain in arms and legs , joint pain , muscle pain , pain in arms and legs , joint pain , muscle pain , pain in arms and legs ( signs of muscle problems ), joint pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , muscle pain , pain in arms and legs , joint pain , muscle pain , pain in extremity ( signs of muscle problems ) joint pain , back pain , pain in joints and muscles , joint pain , muscle pain , pain in your joints , joint pain , muscle pain , pain in your joints joint pain , joint pain , pain in joints or muscles , joint pain , muscle pain , pain in your joints joint pain , joint pain , pain in joints or muscles , joint pain , muscle pain , pain in your joints joint pain , joint pain , pain in joints or muscles , joint pain , muscle pain , pain in your joints joint pain , joint pain , pain in joints or muscles , joint
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the infusion of medicines ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache hot flushes constipation constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) pain_passing_urine_pain ( pain in the abdomen ) rash pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) increase in the level of a substance in the blood ( bilirubin ) other possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache local infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) tiredness ( fatigue ) rash ( pruritus ) rash ( pruritus ) pain in legs reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the glands in the eye ; very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in the blood ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in the blood ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; back pain ; jaundice ( a symptom of inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; back pain ; jaundice ( a symptom of inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; back pain ; jaundice ( a symptom of inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; back pain ; jaundice ( a symptom of inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; back pain ; jaundice ( a symptom of inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; back pain ; jaundice ( a symptom of inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( which can be severe and life threatening ), pain and discomfort in the joints , headache , dizziness , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , loss of vision , blood clots in the veins of the legs , deep vein thrombosis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , bleeding in your brain , rapid or irregular heartbeat , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or at the site of injection . general disorders : pain and discomfort in the joints , headache , dizziness , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , irregular heartbeat , clouding of the lens in your eye , high or low blood pressure , changes in blood flow to parts of the brain , fluid in the lung , fluid retention , bleeding in the brain , fluid retention , thirst , fever , neurological disorders ( signs of kidney problems or renal failure ) coma , blood clots in a vein at the back of the limb which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , asthma , fever , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , thirst , fever and fluid in the lungs , low blood pressure , coma , blood clot in a vein at the injection site , feeling hot , abnormal vaginal bleeding , inability to pass urine , paralysis of the middle ear , inability to pass urine , paralysis , decreased urine flow , abnormal blood flow in the urine , inability to pass urine , paralysis , decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , sudden loss of blood supply to the heart , decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , blood clots in the veins , high blood pressure , reduced blood supply to the vein , feeling of tightening of the chest , paralysis of small blood vessels , collection of fluid around the heart , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , thirst , fever and fluid in the lungs , low blood pressure , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever and nervous system disorders : kidney failure or coma , blood clots in a vein at the site of injection , coughing up blood , collection of fluid around the lung , fluid in the lungs , thirst , fever and fluid in the lungs , low blood pressure , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the injection site , thirst , fever , nervous system disorders including blood in the urine , coma , blood clots in a vein at the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - a combination of blood in your urine , sweating or infection , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice signs of infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of infection of your lung . - if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ) - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , swelling of the face , face , face or face , chest tightness , wheezing or breathing difficulties . these symptoms can be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site include : pain , tenderness , swelling , swelling mainly of the face and face , chest tightness and shortness of breath with or without wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin reactions at the injection site , such as pain , tenderness , swelling and face swelling of the face , face , face or face , chest tightness or shortness of breath with or without wheezing , which may be signs of allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and dizziness , sudden drop in blood pressure and wheezing , which may be signs of allergic reaction . if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin reactions at the injection site , such as pain , tenderness , swelling and face swelling of the face , face , face or face , chest tightness or shortness of breath with exercise , which may be a sign of allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue , which could be symptoms of allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin reactions at the injection site , such as pain , tenderness , swelling and face swelling of the face , face , face or face , chest tightness or shortness of breath with exercise , which may be a sign of allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue , which may be a sign of allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin reactions at the injection site , such as pain , tenderness , swelling and face swelling of the face , face , face or face , chest tightness or shortness of breath with exercise , which may be a sign of allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue , which may be a sign of allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin reactions at the injection site , such as pain , tenderness , swelling and face swelling of the face , face , face or face , chest tightness or shortness of breath with exercise , which may be a sign of allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue , which may be a sign of allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , chest tightness , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms . the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking remicade and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : - if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - serious skin reactions - yellowing of your skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the muscles , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) o a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than one % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of an allergic reaction , such as swollen face , tongue or mucous_membranes on the skin , blisters , peeling of the lips , eyes or mouth , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than one % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) or toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than one % of the eyes surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) or toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than one % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) or toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than one % of the eyes surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) or toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis ( erythema multiforme ), stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than one % of the eyes surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of parkinson '
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - neuroleptic malignant syndrome , which is a sign of nervous system disorders , such as : - unusual bruising or spots in your vision . - signs of nervous system problems such as chest pain , feeling like your heart is pounding , confusion or loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems ) - loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening ( see section 2 ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects have been reported with placebo . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea - constipation - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms of low blood pressure ) - chest pain ( angina ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fast heart beat ( arrhythmia ) - abnormal behaviour - changes in mental status ( heartbeat ) - changes in behaviour , loss of consciousness , changes in mood or behaviour , loss of consciousness ( signs of a stroke ) - changes in behaviour or loss of consciousness ( signs of a stroke ) - changes in behaviour or loss of consciousness ( signs of a stroke ) - sudden changes or loss of consciousness ( dehydration ) - changes in behaviour or loss of consciousness ( signs of a low level of ammonia in the blood ). not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - changes in behaviour or loss of vision ( such as loss of consciousness ) have been reported . - if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of infection such as fever , respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , including pneumonia , urinary stroke , fungal infections , fungal infections , such as infections of the respiratory tract , infections of the lung or respiratory tract infections , such as infections of the lung or urinary tract infection ( signs of a blood infection , which may be life - threatening , bruising , paleness , unusual infections , numbness , tingling , prickling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness , or buzzing , ringing in the ears , or changes in leg color , or buzzing , vision disturbances , double vision , problems with your leg or leg , cough , asthma , shortness of breath , asthma , abdominal distension , nausea , vomiting , bloating , abdominal distension , stomach ache , dry mouth , dry mouth , night sweats , night sweats , night sweats , night sweats , hair loss , eczema , scaly skin , sensitivity to sunlight , night sweats , night sweats , painful eyes , night sweats , night sweats , abnormal liver function , increased blood bilirubin , blood clots , blocking of blood vessels , blocking of blood vessels , blocking of blood vessels , abnormal blood clotting , blocking of blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels of your lungs , heart attack , stroke and / or blood in the urine , which may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left upper abdominal ( abdominal ) nausea , nausea , vomiting , bloating , heart_burn abdominal problems , abdominal distension , dry mouth , dry mouth , night sweats , night sweats , night sweats , night sweats , hair loss , eczema , scaly skin , sensitivity to sunlight , dark urine , sensitivity to sunlight , night sweats , night sweats , presence of blood in urine , presence of blood in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , fluid in the urine , fluid retention , muscle spasms , abnormal liver function , blood in the urine , increased urine output , night flushes , stroke , abnormal liver function tests , blood in urine , increased urine output , difficulty in breathing , stroke , abnormal liver function , increased blood bilirubin , blood in the urine , fluid in the urine , fluid in the lungs , penile bleeding , presence of blood in urine , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , blood in your urine , brown or brown urine - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , blood in your urine or brown - brown urine - signs of pneumonia , urinary tract infection , fungal infections , such as infections of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ; signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent bruising , bruising , paleness ; signs of nerve disorders , such as numbness or tingling , prickling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of nervous system problems such as buzzing or sensation of heart beating irregularly such as double or double vision ; vision problems ; buzzing ; abnormal sensation in the eye ; cough ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; asthma ; abdominal ( abdominal ) pain ; nausea ; vomiting ; bloating ; abdominal distension ; abdominal distension ; dry mouth ; dry mouth ; dry skin ; night sweats ; night sweats ; hair loss ; dry skin ; night sweats ; hair loss ; eczema ; nail disorder ; sensitivity to light ; night sweats ; abnormal liver blood tests ; increased blood bilirubin ; night sweats ; muscle spasms ; changes in liver function ; high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs ; blood clots in the lungs ; blood clots in the veins of the lungs ; blood clots in the veins of the legs ; blood clots in the lungs ; pulmonary arterial hypertension ; blood clots in the veins of blood vessels ; pulmonary arterial hypertension ; heart attack ; stroke ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; heart attack ; buzzing ; abnormal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following serious side effects : coma , breathing difficulties or wheezing , breathing difficulties and symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), wheezing , feeling faint , low blood pressure , confused or disorientation , changes in vision , eye pain or spasms , irregular heart rhythm ( angina ), irregular heartbeat , chest pain , or chest pain , and / or swelling of the legs , flatulence , constipation . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , elevated levels of some liver enzymes called magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , or calcium . symptoms include high blood pressure , tiredness , feeling lightheaded . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , feeling of spinning , insomnia , confused , feeling or being sick , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , elevated levels of some liver enzymes called magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in fat ( a substance produced by the liver , which may increase your level of potassium , calcium , potassium , sodium ) and sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , sodium , and / or sodium in your blood , and increases in your function . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will advise you what to do if you experience high blood sugar . feeling sleepy , insomnia , confused , or sodium in your appetite , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , inflammation of the gullet , magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , calcium , and / or sodium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for your treatment with dzuveo . high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) feeling anxious , insomnia , confused , or sodium in your urine , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , inflammation of the gullet ( magnesium , potassium , sodium or sodium ) in your blood , increase in magnesium , potassium , sodium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in liver enzymes , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , insomnia or confused , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , inflammation of the gullet , magnesium , potassium , potassium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in blood sugar , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , insomnia , confused , problems with your parathyroid tract , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , feeling of spinning , insomnia , confused , rapid or irregular heartbeat , constipation , stomach pain , bloating , flatulence , inflammation of the gullet , magnesium , potassium , calcium , potassium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in uric acid and / or amylase in the blood , increase in potassium , potassium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in uric acid and / or amylase in the blood , increase in potassium , potassium , potassium , sodium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in uric acid and fat in the blood , increase in the level of potassium , calcium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in uric acid or in the blood , feeling sleepy , insomnia , confused , or sodium in your blood , increase in magnesium , calcium , potassium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in uric acid or alkaline phosphatase in your blood , feeling anxious , insomnia , confused , or sodium in your blood , increase in magnesium , calcium , potassium , potassium , sodium or sodium in your blood , increase in uric acid or alkaline phosphatase in your blood , feeling anxious , insomnia , confused , or sodium in your blood , increase in magnesium ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - any of the following symptoms : - fever - chest pain or shortness of breath - blisters , peeling or peeling of the top layer of your body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - heart attack - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - itchy skin - peeling or blisters - peeling of your body - serious allergic reaction which may include signs of heart problems : shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort - bluish skin or peeling , blisters or peeling of the body - signs of stevens - johnson syndrome ( signs of heart problems : shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , bluish skin , peeling or peeling of the body ) - allergic reaction : heart failure or shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort - red or purple spots under the skin , peeling , peeling and peeling of the top layer of skin that appear under the body . - serious allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening , heart attack or shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , bluish skin or peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body . - serious allergic reactions , which may be life threatening . signs include heart problems , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort which may be signs of a blood clot in the lung , peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the top layer of your body . - serious allergic reactions , which may be life threatening . signs include heart problems , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort which may be signs of a blood clot in the lung , peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the top layer of your body . - serious allergic reactions , which may be life threatening . signs include heart problems , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort which may be signs of a blood clot in the lung , peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the top layer of your body . - serious allergic reactions , which may be life threatening . signs include heart problems , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort which may be signs of a blood clot in the lung , peeling , blisters , peeling or peeling of the top layer of your body . - serious allergic reactions , which may be life threatening . signs include heart problems , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience shortness of breath or chest chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your cancer . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , respiratory infection , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , drowsiness , inability to sleep , blurred vision , eye pain , widening of blood vessels , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , nasal congestion , throat irritation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal discomfort , diarrhoea , dry mouth , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , high or low blood pressure , abnormal frequent urination , swelling of limbs , eyelid or eyelid , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , blurred vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , blurred vision , decreased vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , increased tear production , decreased sharpness of vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , increased tear production , abnormal blood clotting , decreased blood flow to the eyes , fluid retention , redness and swelling of skin and eyes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - infection , change in heart rhythm , changes in heartbeat , slow heart rate , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , abnormal heart beat , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , stomach upset , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , tooth disorder , vomiting , stomach discomfort , vomiting , dry mouth , vomiting , decreased urine output , drowsiness , headache , nervous system disorders , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , high or low blood pressure , abnormal periods of the eyes , skin redness , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , increased tear production , abnormal blood clotting , decreased blood flow to the eyes , skin redness , redness and spots in areas of the skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - infection , change in heart rhythm , decreased blood flow to parts of the heart , slow heart rate , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , abnormal heart beat , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , stomach discomfort , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , decreased urine output , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , decreased urine output , drowsiness , dry mouth , vomiting , passing wind , stomach pain , drowsiness , dry mouth , vomiting , decreased urine output , drowsiness , dry mouth , vomiting , decreased appetite , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , frequent urination , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , sensitivity to light , increased tendency to bruise , increased tendency to bruise , abnormal sensation in the eye , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , increased tendency to bruise , abnormal blood clotting , decreased blood flow to parts of the skin , redness of the skin , itching and itchy skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - infection , change in heart rhythm , decreased blood flow to parts of the heart , slow heart rate , depression , nervousness , tremor , memory impairment , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , abnormal heart beat , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , stomach discomfort , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , decreased urine output , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting , decreased urine output , drowsiness , dry mouth , vomiting , passing wind , stomach pain , drowsiness , dry mouth , vomiting , decreased urine output , drowsiness , dry mouth , vomiting , decreased appetite , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , frequent urination , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , sensitivity to light , increased tendency to bruise , increased tendency to bruise , abnormal sensation in the eye , itching , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , sweating , breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , fever , chills , fast heartbeat , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heartbeat , feeling or being sick ( nausea or feeling sick ) or having a fast heartbeat these may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of your blood vessels or sweat can be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your anus and needs urgent medical attention . a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus , seen very rarely . stop taking xigduo and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or loss of too much fluid from your body , seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). dehydration may be signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract ( e . g . sore throat , tired , drop in blood pressure , and fast heartbeat ). urinary tract infections ( seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see immediately tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other diabetes 75 75 - serious infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) - feeling very thirsty - feeling tired or having passing urine ( urinary retention ) - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see immediately tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin 75 75 . tell your doctor if you have a combination of any of the following signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : feeling very thirsty , tired or having pale skin - feeling very sleepy or tired - passing little or no urine - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see immediately tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin 75 75 . tell your doctor if you have a combination of any of the following signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : feeling very thirsty , tired or having pale skin - feeling very sleepy or tired - passing little or no urine - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see immediately tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin 75 75 . tell your doctor if you have a combination of any of the following signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - feeling very thirsty - feeling tired or having passing little or no water ( urine ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people  infection , fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , low blood pressure . during the injection site , redness , swelling , pain and inflammation at the injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild and only last a few days . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people  infection , fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , low blood pressure . during the injection site , redness , swelling , pain and inflammation at the injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and usually go away after a few days or weeks . infection such as fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , frequent urination , loss of taste , loss of sensation , pain , swelling , redness or redness at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site may occur . these can be avoided by changing the injection site , infection , fever and low white blood cell count . low red blood cell count , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , ears_ringing sensation ( dysgeusia ), nausea , vomiting , hair loss , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , general feeling of being unwell , general feeling of being unwell . general weakness , pain , swelling , redness . at the injection site : inflammation and inflammation at the injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . infection , fever , low white blood cell count , decreased appetite , weight loss , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , ears_ringing nerve reactions , fits ( e . g . pain , swelling , swelling and / or redness ) at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site ( inflammation at the injection site ). if you get pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . inflammation at the injection site : if you have inflammation , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , general feeling of being unwell , general feeling of being unwell , general feeling of being unwell , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , ears_ringing balance problems , fits , loss of taste , pain , swelling , swelling or redness at the injection site , inflammation at the injection site , inflammation at the injection site may occur . these can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of the following : infection or fever , low blood sugar , decreased appetite , weight loss , anxiety , depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , ears_ringing nerve reactions , fits ( e . g . pain , swelling , swelling and / or pain at the injection site ). inflammation at the injection site ( inflammation , vein and injection ) and inflammation at the injection site may occur . these can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). weight increase weight increase . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness . during the treatment of mirvaso , the following may occur with this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache flushing , skin_rash skin rash , blocked or blocked nose , nasal congestion , nose bleeds , dry mouth , discomfort or mouth ulcers , skin rash , acne , skin_pain skin rash , skin_redness hair loss , skin_redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening , skin rash hair loss , acne , skin reddening , skin rash hair loss , acne , skin reddening , skin rash hair loss , acne , skin reddening , skin rash hair loss , acne , skin reddening , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne , skin reddening hair loss , skin redness hair loss , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) rash , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) rash , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin redness , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin reddening , skin rash , acne - skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking mvasi and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing ; - difficulty breathing or swallowing ; - rash ; - swelling of your lips , hands , feet or ankles ; - change in your sense of taste ; - rash ; - swelling of your lips , hands , feet or ankles ; - yellowing of your skin or the white part of your veins ; - yellowing of your skin or the white part of your veins , - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , or gut ; - yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your gut ( jaundice ), - dark urine , if you notice any of these , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - difficulty breathing - feeling weak or energy - chills - shivering - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - constipation - sores ( sores ) in the stomach or stomach wall into your stomach or gut , or a black spot in your gut . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your bone pain , or signs of cells , or if you notice any of the signs above : - pain , tenderness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or jaw , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : - difficulty in breathing - feeling weak or energy - fever - chills - shivering - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - sores ( sores ) in the stomach or stomach wall into your stomach or gut , as this may be a problem with your spleen ( a hole in the bowels or gut ). - blood clots in the veins of your lungs , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - a severe infection called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal : - difficulty in breathing - slurred_speech - blood clots in the veins of the lungs which may lead to a severe allergic reaction - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , warm , warm , confusion , confusion , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , arrhythmia or agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , arrhythmia or agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , thoughts of loss_of_control_of_body_movements , arrhythmia or changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , difficulty with speaking , difficulty with speaking or understanding others , agitation , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , difficulty with speaking or staying asleep , arrhythmia or agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , and loss of consciousness ( signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). - if you experience agitation , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech or light - headedness , or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following symptoms or symptoms of an infection : - fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , memory loss , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat and feeling of faintness . these symptoms may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your skull , as well as fever , chills , breathlessness , sensitivity to light , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , and decreased libido . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a condition called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , sensitivity to light , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , and decreased libido . - arrhythmia , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , and loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - if you experience agitation , chills , breathlessness , fits , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , and decreased libido . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a condition called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , slurred_speech , confusion , fits , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , visual impairment , arrhythmia or changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin , changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin mood , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , visual disturbances or loss of hearing , arrhythmia and / or mood swings , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , visual disturbances or loss of hearing , arrhythmia and / or mood swings , agitation , confusion , disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , visual disturbances , visual impairment or loss_of_control_of_body_movements , agitation , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , visual impairment , arrhythmia or changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin , agitation , disorientation , memory loss , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , visual impairment , arrhythmia or changes_to_the_colour_of_your_skin , agitation , disorientation , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , aggression or visual disturbances . other possible side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain , - nervous system disorders , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , slurred_speech , difficulty speaking , difficulty in speaking , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , problems with balance , loss of consciousness , altered consciousness , loss of consciousness , altered consciousness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , light sensitivity , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , and light - headedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , and light - headedness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you notice any of these symptoms . - a serious condition called " sepsis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , itching , or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , headache , stomach pain , joint pain , back pain , - kidney impairment , dialysis , vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , - interstitial lung disease , and bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had a serious allergic reaction to metformin , or in some cases , the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , headache , stomach pain , joint pain , back pain , - kidney failure , dialysis , vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , - interstitial lung disease , and bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and a frequency : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - loss of appetite - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach ache - flatulence - headache - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain , arm or leg pain - leg or leg pain - dizziness , itching - elevated levels of some liver enzymes or blood in the urine - vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain - interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and a frequency : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , headache , stomach pain , joint pain , back pain , - kidney failure , dialysis , vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , - interstitial lung disease , problems with the electrical activity of the heart . - vomiting , - itching , - elevated levels of some liver enzymes or blood in the urine , - vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , - interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and pioglitazone : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - nausea - flatulence - headache - stomach ache - joint pain - back pain - kidney problems including blood in urine , dialysis - vomiting - joint pain - muscle pain - kidney problems including dialysis - vomiting - joint pain - muscle pain , back pain - interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking pioglitazone and a frequency : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and pioglitazone : common : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of xultophy . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including death ( frequency not known ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction , including hives and / or anaphylactic swelling , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - hives , itchy or itching all over your body , if you feel unwell , confused or other severe allergic reactions ( frequency not known ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hypersensitivity ( anaphylactic ) reaction ( e . g . hives , itchy , itching ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing - headache - fast heartbeat - fast heartbeat - confused - increased heartbeat - this may be a sign of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which you may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , such as hives , itchy or itching , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , - headache , - fast heartbeat , - fast heartbeat , or confused , - increased heart rate and an increase in blood pressure , - a fall in blood pressure when you stand up , then seek medical advice straight away . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction ( e . g . hives , itchy , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , confused and increased heart rate ( signs of a heart attack ) - a change in the amount of consciousness in your blood , which may be a sign of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of this medicine are dose dependent and related to its mode of action : very common : infusion reactions ( may affect more than prior in treatment ) infusion - related reactions , including swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis initially as erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ; initially as erythema multiforme , erythema multiforme , erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ); initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis ), stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ; widespread rash , erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ; widespread rash , erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by toxic_epidermal_necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash and blistering on the legs , eyes , genitals and eyes ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than one % of the inflammation_of_the_lungs surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than toxic % of the inflammation_of_the_lungs ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with swelling of the face , lips ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or get medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , upper respiratory tract infection , cough , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , abdominal pain , nausea , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear surgery ), ear changes , liver_injury , kidney failure , loss of blood supply to the liver , fluid retention in the face and / or legs . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , pain , redness and rash . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea - abnormal results of blood tests to check liver function - high levels of bilirubin - abdominal pain - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - mouth or throat ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - urinary tract infection - high levels of bilirubin in your blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - mouth or throat ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - urinary tract infection - high levels of bilirubin in your blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - upper respiratory tract infection - abdominal pain - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - sore or runny nose - passing wind ( flatulence ) - kidney stones - high levels of bilirubin in your blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - upper respiratory tract infection - abdominal pain - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - urinary tract infection - high levels of bilirubin in your blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - gastrointestinal problems ( including abdominal pain ) - abdominal pain - severe stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - high levels of bilirubin in your blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - upper respiratory tract infection - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - urinary tract infection - high levels of bilirubin in your blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy ) - stuffy or runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - upper respiratory tract infection - abdominal pain - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - abdominal pain - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - urinary tract infection - high levels of bilirubin in your blood - high levels of bilirubin in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath ( including pancreatitis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal pain - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) ache -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) hypersensitivity reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing . symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( common ): if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia , neutropenia , lymphopenia ) decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( lymphopenia ) decreased appetite feeling thirsty - nausea or loss of appetite dark urine tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other possible symptoms of infection ( such as pneumonia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever feeling dizzy or having short of breath feeling short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling dizzy , having short of breath , fast heart beat , feeling short of breath
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause swelling , fever , shivering , shivering , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your own with or without difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ) ( rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - an uncommon side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop using the medicine and see their doctor immediately . - signs of low blood sugar : - irregular heartbeat ( arrhythmia ) - presence of blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clotting problems , which may cause ohss , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , and difficulty in breathing . - blood clots in the veins ( venous thromboembolism ). - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions ( including swelling of the face , mouth , eyes and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , and difficulty in breathing . - respiratory tract infection . - sudden death . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , and difficulty in breathing . - respiratory tract infection . - sudden death . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke and / or heart attack . rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , which may cause swelling of the face and throat , decreased function of the eyes , decreased level of blood volume , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest ). - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke and / or heart attack . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) - blood clots in a blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue and throat , decreased blood volume ) - decreased blood volume ( ohss ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - heart attack , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - cancer of the lymphatic system ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) - ohss - stroke and / or heart attack - heart attack - difficulty breathing in rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : if you notice any of the following , stop using voriconazole_accord and tell your doctor straight away : allergic reactions : get your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following signs of allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swollen face - fever - breathing difficulties - severe breathing difficulties - severe breathing difficulties - a rash , or a swollen face - fever - breathing difficulties - severe breathing difficulties - a rash , or blistering of your skin - rash - peeling of your skin - rash - peeling of your skin - severe rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of your skin - rash - peeling of your skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of your skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of your skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of your skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of your skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - rash - peeling of the skin - rash with peeling skin - peeling of the skin - fever - flu - like symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what xigris is and what it is used for 2 . the following side effects have been observed with mvabea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , swelling and redness at the injection site . if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects have been observed with mvabea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling and redness at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , swelling and / or swelling at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness and swelling at the site of the injection ( see section 17 " warnings and precautions ") very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness and swelling where the injection is given itching , pain , swelling and warmth where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by bondronat or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , swelling or redness in your arms and legs ( oedema peripheral ) if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor if you experience pain , swelling or sores in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), bone pain , leg cramps feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) itching of the skin ( erythema ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma attack 59 other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling weak fever ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain and leg weakness weakness ( oedema peripheral ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) itching of the skin ( erythema ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) toxic epidermal necrolysis ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling weak fever ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain and leg weakness weakness ( oedema peripheral ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) itching of the skin ( erythema ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) collapse of the lungs ( macular oedema ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma attack 59 other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling weak fever ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain and leg weakness weakness ( oedema peripheral ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) itching of the skin ( erythema ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) toxic epidermal necrolysis ( see also above , in this section ) 59 other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling of menstrual discomfort ( fatigue ) 59 ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling weak fever ( pyrexia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) muscle pain and weakness fever ( oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart problems which can cause a symptom of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to a severe decrease in blood pressure , which may cause itching or severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , collapse very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious liver problems ( shown in blood tests ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - signs that your liver may not be working properly ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - signs and symptoms of liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) urine , pale stools , or a severe skin reaction with a rash or a rash on the whole area of the rash other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of a serious infection such as wheezing or other breathing difficulties . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of a severe infection such as : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone marrow infection ( fractures ) back pain joint pain , back pain urinary tract infection shingles ( infection of the lung ) infection of blood vessels ( fractures ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) fractures ( lack of oxygen in blood from the lung ) fluid retention ( fractures ) coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) infection of the lungs ( lung infection ) fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection infection of the lungs ( fractures ) breast mass infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection infection of the lungs ( fractures ) breast enlargement in men low oxygen levels in blood infection ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection infection of the lungs ( fractures ) breast enlargement in men low oxygen levels in blood infection ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung ( fractures ) lack of oxygen from blood from the lung ( pleural effusion ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection blood clot in the lungs ( deep vein thrombosis ) fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lungs ( deep vein thrombosis ) fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection lack of oxygen from blood from the lung ( fractures ) lack of oxygen from legs blood clot in a vein collection of fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) fractures blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection blood clot in the lungs ( deep vein thrombosis ) fractures blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary retention blockage in the lungs fractures ( lack of oxygen ) urinary tract infection blood clot in the lungs ( deep vein thrombosis ) fractures blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary retention infection in the lungs fractures ( fluid collection in stomach and intestine ) fractures blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary retention infection in the lungs fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection kidney problems fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary retention infection of the lungs acute kidney failure fractures ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary retention infection of the lungs acute kidney failure bleeding in the lung kidney problems fractures fractures ( collection of fractures ) high blood pressure blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary retention infection in the lungs fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary retention infection in the lungs fractures urinary tract infection urinary tract infection blood clot in the lung blood clot in a deep vein thrombosis ( fractures ) high blood pressure urinary retention infection in the lungs fractures ( lack of oxygen supply to the airways ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the body ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the body ) fractures ( lack of oxygen in the urine ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the body ) fractures ( lack of oxygen in the urine ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the body ) fractures ( lack of oxygen in the urine ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the body ) fractures ( fluid build - up of fluid in the lungs ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the body ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the body ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the pleural space ) fractures ( fluid build up of fluid in the lungs ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the pleural space ) fractures ( fluid build up of fluid in the lungs ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the body ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - anaphylaxis ( swelling of your face , lips or throat ) - swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - swelling of your face , lips or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - severe breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) - severe breathing problems as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction - anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ), as a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ), as a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be severe and cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ), which may be severe and life - threatening allergic reaction . treatment with zinforo may lead to a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ), as a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be severe and could be life - threatening ( anaphylaxis ) - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - severe anaemia , which may be life threatening and require treatment . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ), as a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may be signs of severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ), which may be life - threatening or life - threatening allergic reaction . - anaphylaxis ( a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), - low blood pressure ( neutropenia , neutropenia , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction and may be life threatening and require urgent medical attention ). - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - anaphylaxis ( severe allergic reaction ) - anaphylaxis ( a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), - low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of red cells in the blood may occur during or after treatment with treatment and can be stopped . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are at particular and during treatment during treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are at particular and during treatment during treatment . - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ) - severe increase in blood pressure , which may make you feel treatment with treatment and may be life - threatening . - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and your blood pressure may be reduced during treatment . tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - low levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets may occur during or after treatment with treatment and can occur during treatment . tell your doctor if you notice any changes in your vision or changes in your vision during treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly during and after treatment with treatment and will explain to you during treatment . - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , neutropenia , anaemia ) - severe increase in blood pressure , which may make you feel treatment or treatment with treatment and may be life - threatening . - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets at the beginning of treatment this may increase the risk of neutropenia , which may be severe and may lead to treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is treated . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly during and after treatment with treatment and will monitor the best treatment . - low number of neutropenia ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood may occur during or after treatment with treatment and may be stopped . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly during and after treatment with treatment and will monitor the best treatment . - low number of neutropenia ( a type of white blood cells ) which can make you more prone to neutropenia , neutropenia , and your_red_blood_cells it may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : get a doctor straight away if you experience any of the following signs of allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . ema ) effects from pregabalin_pfizer are : - common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - headache - sleepiness - constipation - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting - loss of appetite - pain_in_limb - back pain - back pain - painful joints , runny nose - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mood swings , difficulty concentrating , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal blurred vision , blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall , fall or change in sense of taste , fall - dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea - nausea , nausea - loss of appetite - back pain - back pain - feeling of temperature , vertigo , - decreased or abnormal sensation in the skin , fall or change in sense of taste - fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea - loss of appetite - pain_in_limb - back pain - painful or runny nose - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , altered mood , loss of memory , difficulty with speaking , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal blurred vision , blurred vision - vertigo , problems with balance , fall or change in sense of taste , fall - dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite , runny nose - sore throat , runny nose - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal blurred vision , blurred vision - vertigo , problems with balance , fall or change in sense of taste , fall - dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite - pain_in_limb , - back pain , - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), - decreased or abnormal sensation in the skin , fall or change in sense of taste , fall . - dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite , runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mental impairment , loss of memory , problems with your memory , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal blurred vision , blurred vision - vertigo , problems with balance , fall or change in sense of taste , fall - dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite - pain_in_limb , - back pain , - feeling of temperature , vertigo , - decreased or abnormal sensation in the skin , fall or change in sense of taste , fall . - dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea - loss of appetite , pain_in_limb - back pain , - painful urination , - painful or painful urination , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , - constipation , - vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , nausea , - loss of appetite , - swelling of the face , sore throat , runny or runny nose , sore throat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , weight loss , decreased appetite , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , feeling abnormal blurred vision , blurred vision - vertigo , problems with balance , fall or change in sense of taste , fall -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your other_medicines . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure ; feeling of faintness ; sweating ; fever ; sore throat ; runny nose  31 heartburn ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; vomiting ; abdominal pain ; cramps or weakness ; feeling weak or collapse ; feeling less hungry or collapse . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get the following side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : heart failure : if you get breathing difficulties , breathing , or a tight breathing , or severe breathing difficulties as these may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome , acute respiratory failure , acute respiratory failure , high blood pressure , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , arrhythmia or arrhythmia ( signs of urinary tract infection ). difficulty in breathing , abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure , arrhythmia ( palpitations ), fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood pressure , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , blood in the urine , palpitations , fast heart rate , changes in blood flow to the heart , decreased blood pressure ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - heart_failure or a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction with symptoms such as rash , trouble breathing , swallowing , feeling weak , tired or tired ( signs of heart problems ). shock may be life - threatening . - sudden decrease or loss of hearing or loss of vision , which may be caused by sudden changes in blood pressure and feeling of heaviness in your chest , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , wounds , dental problems , difficulty speaking , feeling weak , tired or coughing , nervous system problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness , or sudden onset of worsening of nails , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas . - difficulty in swallowing or breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ; difficulty swallowing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face or lips ; - difficulties in breathing ; - swelling of eyelids , face
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired , as these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an infusion - related reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . if you experience 38 signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . signs of infection : if you experience bacteria localised redness of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling , swelling , redness or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - hand - threatening skin reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , stomach or bowels , or if you feel sick or vomiting , you may be having a side of breath . if you experience any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of magnesium in the blood , magnesium , calcium or sodium in the blood , ringing or buzzing in the urine , ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), rapid or altered sensation in the mouth ( malnutrition ), ear pain , irregular heartbeat , palpitations ( palpitations ), irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat and palpitations ( palpitations ), irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat and palpitations ( palpitations ), dry mouth , vomiting , being sick ( nausea or loss of appetite ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - hand - foot skin - reaction ( e . g . neutropenia , neurotoxicity you might have calcium in the urine ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of magnesium in the blood , magnesium , calcium or sodium in the blood , ringing in the ears , ringing or buzzing in the ears , ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), heart problems ( malnutrition , heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ), high blood pressure , palpitations ( palpitations ), irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , palpitations ( palpitations ), irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , palpitations , and palpitations ( awareness of your heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat difficulty breathing , feeling faint , hives , itchy skin ( possible signs of an allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , throat or tongue . this may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) allergic reactions swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat difficulty breathing , feeling faint , hives , itchy skin or skin irritation other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decreased level of sodium in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased level of white blood cells runny or runny nose hair loss tremor ( itchy rash ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite urinary tract infection runny or blocked nose skin reactions such as itchy skin , rash , itching , hives , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing feeling or feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious brain condition called palpitations , loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat hearing loss or loss of consciousness , which may make you feel fainting or have loss of consciousness , if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , wheezing or swelling_of_the_face ( itchy , bumpy rash , joint pain ( arthralgia ) and / or swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking telmisartan . if you experience any of these side effects , stop taking kinzalmono and tell your doctor straight away . some side effects could become serious . these side effects are uncommon . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) with symptoms such as tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( symptoms of hives ) allergic reactions with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure could with symptoms such as light - headedness , wheezing or low blood pressure with symptoms such as tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of light - headedness , tightness_of_the_chest chest tightness , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of light - headedness , tightness_of_the_chest chest tightness , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of light - headedness , tightness_of_the_chest chest tightness , wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure , symptoms of tightness of the chest or wheezing , low blood pressure ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the following side effects have been reported with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ), - feeling uncontrolled_bleeding , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; - swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - swelling of the face and throat ; - swelling of the face and throat ; - swelling of the face and throat ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - severe itching of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( including stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of blood disorders : - bleeding such as bleeding , bruising or bleeding , or other signs of your_heart_beat - seizures ( seizures ), - loss of appetite , weight loss , hallucination , memory impairment or loss of vision , difficulty speaking , - difficulty in speaking or understanding others ( palpitations ), - ringing in the ears , deafness , ringing in the ears , feeling anxiety/depression , anxiety/depression or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ), - rapid heartbeat ( palpitations ), - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach discomfort , vomiting , - difficulty passing stools , - severe tiredness , night sweats , - severe tiredness , night sweats , - painful or back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , - earache , - ringing in the ears , - anxiety/depression ( palpitations ), - irregular or slow heartbeat , palpitations , shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach discomfort , vomiting , - difficulty passing stools , - severe tiredness , swelling of limbs , back or pains , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , - difficulty in speaking , - changes in vision , - earache , - ringing in the ears , anxiety/depression or ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), - rapid or irregular heartbeat , palpitations , shortness of breath or wheezing , cough , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach discomfort , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe loss of appetite , severe loss of appetite , muscle weakness , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , - difficulty in speaking , - difficulty in speaking , - ringing in the ears , earache , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( convulsions ) - rapid or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ), - rapid or irregular heartbeat , deafness - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach discomfort , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe loss of appetite , severe loss of appetite , muscle weakness , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary incontinence , problems with your ear , earache , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( convulsions ) - rapid or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ), - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach discomfort , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe loss of appetite , severe loss of appetite , muscle weakness , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , difficulty in speaking , problems with your sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( convulsions ) - rapid heartbeat ( palpitations ), - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach discomfort , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe loss of appetite , severe loss of appetite , muscle weakness , back pain , muscle aches or pains , back pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , weight gain , difficulty in speaking , problems with your sense of taste , earache , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( convulsions ) - rapid heartbeat ( palpitations ), - shortness of breath , wheezing , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , stomach discomfort , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , swelling of limbs , back or pains , back pain , muscle aches or pains
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : rashes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this could be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - headache - diarrhoea - stomach ache - feeling sick ( sick ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the throat - back pain - muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - chest pain - pain in arms or legs - loss of appetite - water retention - difficulty in sleeping - indigestion - loss of appetite - nasal congestion - indigestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine pain - chest pain - pain in hands and feet - water retention - nose bleed - indigestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine pain - chest pain - pain in arms or legs - decreased blood flow to parts of the eyes or chest - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - angina - heart attack - low blood pressure - angina - heart attack - tightening of the heart muscle ( myocardial infarction ) - the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - sudden and severe allergic reactions . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - stomach ache - feeling sick ( being sick ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the reflux - back pain - muscle aches or pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - chest pain - pain in hands and feet - loss of weight - vein pain - feeling of pressure or pain in hands and feet - water retention - nose bleeds - indigestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine pain - chest pain - pain in hands and feet - water retention - nose bleeds - indigestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine pain - chest pain - pain in hands and feet - water retention - nose bleed - indigestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine pain - chest pain - pain in arms or legs - water retention - nose bleed - indigestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine pain - chest pain - pain in arms or legs - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - angina - difficulties in breathing when lying down or lying down or less frequent urination may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( this may include a sudden loss of vision ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the reflux - back pain - muscle aches and pain - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - chest pain - pain in hands or feet - decreased urine output - difficulty in sleeping - indigestion - loss of appetite - nasal congestion - indigestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine pain - chest pain - pain in hands and feet - water retention - nose bleed - indigestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of stomach - back pain - muscle aches , pain in arms or legs - blood in urine - urine pain - chest pain - pain in hands or feet - loss of strength - water retention - indigestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may also cause a very serious side effect called hypoglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to generally_mild/moderate . if you have a rash , which lasts for more than one very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased aspartate aminotransferase ) - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - itchy skin other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - itchy skin other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased aspartate aminotransferase ) - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - itchy skin other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased aspartate aminotransferase ) - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - itchy skin - other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling of appetite - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - excess of bilirubin in the liver very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections - low white blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ) - decreased appetite - sore throat - runny nose - difficulty breathing - redness of the skin - itching - rash - blistering of the skin ( which may be a sign of tissue damage in the nose , gut or gut ) - sudden and severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections - low blood levels of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - increased blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( thrombocytopenia ) - a decrease in the number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - fever - sore throat - runny nose - runny nose - runny nose - nasal congestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - indigestion - gas ( flatulence ) - difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) - back pain - muscle spasm - pain in the extremities - injection site reactions , such as redness and swelling , swelling and / or swelling in the area of your hands and feet which may be a sign of blood clots in the blood vessels ( called platelets ) - high levels of " bilirubin " in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - weight loss - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - weight loss - sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , fits ( convulsions ), - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( increased blood pressure ) - thrombocytopenia ( infection of the blood vessels ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - weight loss - sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , fits ( faster or low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - thrombocytopenia ( infection of the blood vessels ) - fever - sore throat - runny nose - runny nose - nasal congestion - throat pain - feeling of sleepiness , restlessness , restlessness , lethargy , seizures , seizures , fits ( convulsions ), - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( increased blood pressure ) - thrombocytopenia ( infection of the blood vessels ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - weight loss - sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , fits ( faster or low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - thrombocytopenia ( infection of the blood vessels ) - fever - sore throat - runny nose - runny nose - nasal congestion - throat pain - feeling of sleepiness , restlessness , restlessness , lethargy , seizures , seizures , fits ( convulsions ), - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( increased blood pressure ) - thrombocytopenia ( infection of the blood vessels ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - weight loss - sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , fits ( faster or low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - thrombocytopenia ( infection of the blood vessels ) - fever - sore throat - nose bleed - runny nose - runny nose - bleeding - swelling of the ankles , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) - kidney problems ( e . g . high potassium levels in the blood ) - weight loss - sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , fits ( faster or low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( increased blood pressure ) - thrombocytopenia ( increased risk of blood clots ) - fever - sore throat - runny nose - runny nose - runny nose - bleeding - swelling of the ankles , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) - kidney problems ( e . g . abnormal blood test results ) - weight loss - sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , fits ( faster or low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( increased blood pressure ) - thrombocytopenia ( increased risk of blood clots ) - fever - sore throat - runny nose - runny nose - runny nose - bleeding - swelling of the ankles , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) - kidney problems ( e . g . abnormal blood test results ) - weight loss - sleepiness , restlessness , lethargy , restlessness , seizures , seizures , fits ( faster or low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - thrombocytopenia ( infection of the blood vessels ) - fever - sore throat - runny nose - runny nose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , swollen face , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , inability to sleep , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , chest pain , chest pain , and / or frequent urination , chest pain , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , tiredness , dizziness , anxiety , taste disturbance , difficulty sleeping , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in the skin , asthma , swelling_around_the_eye , ringing in the ears , low blood pressure , changes in heart rate , palpitations , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , palpitations , low blood pressure , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , mouth or throat , difficulty swallowing , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , swollen abdomen muscle spasm , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , inability to obtain an erection , thirst , difficulty with passing urine urination , blood in urine , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the body , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of limbs , face or lips , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain , thirst , difficulty passing urine urination , collection of fluid in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions , such as pain , swelling , redness or itching of the skin erythema . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction difficulty in breathing or chest pain swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( which may cause erythema or blood in the urine ) blood clot in a muscle or vein ( retinal vein thrombosis ) blood clot in a muscle or artery ( retinal vein thrombosis ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , flu - like symptoms , dry mouth , mouth ulcers and inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), headache , heartburn , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , upper respiratory tract infection , decreased number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , increased heart rate , palpitations , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the lining of the stomach or diarrhoea , heartburn , vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , dry skin , itchy skin , dermatitis , itching of the skin , itchy_skin_rash sweating , joint pain , joint pain , increased heart rate ( palpitations ), blood in the urine , increase in liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , increased heart rate , palpitations , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the lining of the stomach or diarrhoea , heartburn , vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , dry skin , itchy skin , dermatitis , itching of the skin , itchy_skin_rash sweating , joint pain , joint pain , increased heart rate ( palpitations ), blood in the urine , increase in liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , increased heart rate , palpitations , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the lining of the stomach or bowel , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , dry skin , itchy skin , dermatitis , itching of the skin , itchy_skin_rash sweating , joint pain , joint pain , increased heart rate ( palpitations ), blood in the urine , increase in liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , increased heart rate , palpitations ( low blood pressure ), hypotension , increased blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the lining of the stomach or bowel , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), stomach pain , swelling of the abdomen , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion ( flatulence ), stomach discomfort , swelling of the face , redness of the skin , dry skin , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , dermatitis , itching of the skin , skin redness , itchy_skin_rash , itching , itching of the skin , generalised itching , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , hair loss , dermatitis , itching of the skin , hair loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - a severe condition called " copd " ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - blood clots in the veins ( venous thromboembolism ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling restless and having blurred vision , - difficulty in sleeping , - feeling confused , - blurred vision , blurred vision , increased eye pressure - cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness or fainting , - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with adasuve . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the levels of some blood cells ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling sleepy , problems with walking , blurred vision , blurred vision . - increased eye pressure , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , wheezing , light - headedness or fainting , - if you notice any of these signs tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood pressure while you start using copd . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the levels of some blood cells called copd . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling hungry , problems with coordination , blurred vision , blurred vision . - increased eye pressure , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , fever , your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine . - if you have an increase in your blood pressure ( e . g . copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the levels of some blood cells called copd . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling hungry , problems with coordination , blurred vision , blurred vision . - increased eye pressure , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , fever , your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine . - if you have an increase in your blood pressure ( e . g . copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the levels of some blood cells in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling hungry , problems with coordination , blurred vision , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , fever , your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine . - if you have an increase in your blood pressure ( e . g . copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the levels of some blood cells in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , problems with balance , feeling hungry , problems with coordination , blurred vision , blurred vision . - increased eye pressure , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , asthma , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , dry mouth , asthma , fever , your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine . - if you have an increase in your blood pressure ( e . g . copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in blood pressure ( which increases risk of copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , feeling like and unable to keep still , difficulty sitting still
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , low level of blood platelets , bacteria , or flu like symptoms , sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing , redness of the skin , itching , rash and / or rash . in some cases these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ). a decrease in the number of platelets ( which can make you more prone to infections ) or flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( pneumonia ), cold sore , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), stomach pain , frequent urination , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness or weakness ( asthenia ), increased blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( thrombocytopenia ) which can make you more prone to bacteria , flu - like symptoms , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abnormal dreams , stomach pain , frequent urination , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness or weakness ( asthenia ), increased blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), symptoms include fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat or runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), stomach pain , frequent urination , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness or weakness ( asthenia ), increased blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), symptoms include fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat or runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), stomach pain , frequent urination , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness or weakness ( asthenia ), increased blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( thrombocytopenia ) which can make you more prone to bacteria , flu - like symptoms , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat or runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , tooth infections , stomach pain , swollen abdomen , back or gut infections , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness or asthenia ( asthenia ), increased blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), symptoms include fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat or runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , tooth infections , stomach pain , swollen abdomen , back or gut infections , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness or asthenia ( asthenia ), increased blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( thrombocytopenia ) - signs include fever , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( pneumonia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , blocked or runny nose , infections or infections , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), sore throat ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling drowsy ( fatigue ) feeling drowsy ( asthenia ) abdominal pain , joint pain , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abdominal pain , abnormal dreams joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) cough stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the mouth , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams joint pain 34 dizziness , headache , inflammation of the throat , difficulty in falling asleep , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , abnormal taste , abnormal dreams joint pain 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the stomach or mouth , difficulty swallowing , abnormal dreams joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , abnormal taste , abnormal dreams joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , headache , infection of the throat , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , abnormal taste , abnormal dreams joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , headache , infection of the throat , inflamed stomach or mouth , abdominal pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the mouth , stomach or intestines , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , abnormal taste , abnormal dreams joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , headache , infection of the throat , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , joint pain 34 dizziness , bloating_(abdominal_distension sore mouth difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain , difficulty passing urine , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat , abdominal pain , abnormal dreams , joint pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , 34 dizziness , flu - like illness , muscle twitching , joint pain , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the sinuses , diarrhoea stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea ( inflamed stomach ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) flu ( influenza ) weight increase loss of appetite 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain , muscle spasm pain in hands or feet , joint pain 34 dizziness , shaking mood disorder abnormal sensation in the mouth difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain , muscle spasm 34 - up of fluid in urine 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness fever ( pyrexia ) lack of energy ( asthenia ) joint pain ( myalgia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the mouth ( stomatitis ) abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests muscle pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , frequent urination , abnormal dreams joint pain , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 dizziness , headache inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of fatigue or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - fever , - chills , fatigue , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( osteonecrosis ). - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called fever , - chills , - fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), - fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia may cause fever , chills , fatigue , unusual reduction in blood pressure , and muscle weakness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and / or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), - fever and chills ( fatigue ), - general feeling of being unwell , - fever , - chills , - fatigue , - pain in the muscles or joints , - muscle cramps and / or frequent urination . these could be signs of a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called fever , - chills , - chills , - pain in your muscles or joints , - muscle cramps and / or leg pain . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called fever , - chills , - chills , - pain in your jaw , muscle and / or joints , muscle cramps or pain in your muscles or muscles , - collapse , - limpness or collapse , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing , urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop using varuby : - if you feel feel_unwell or feel unwell . - an allergic reaction . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - if you develop an allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital . - if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you develop a fever , if you feel feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . - if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately or go to a hospital immediately , as you may need urgent medical treatment : fever - low blood levels of platelets which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - an increase in the number of platelets in the blood you may develop a reduction in the number of : - a type of white blood cells ( platelets ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , voice problems , sore throat , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach ache and pain , being sick ( vomiting ), pain in the muscles , bones or bones ( musculoskeletal pain ), muscle spasm , muscle spasm , painful joints , pain or difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ), fluid retention ( dysuria ), fluid in the lungs , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain or pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), heartburn ( loss of appetite ), heartburn ( loss of appetite ), heartburn ( loss of appetite ), heartburn ( loss of energy ) and strength ( asthenia ), loss of weight , pain in arms or legs , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , pain or difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ), difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ), build - up of water in the heart ( cataract ), thrush or a change in the way things taste , pain , back pain ( dysuria ), accumulation of fluid in the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract , collection of fluid around the heart , cataract
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel hexal . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel hexal are : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to vertigo in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until vertigo ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following : - allergy : - if you have pain , inflammation or inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , swelling of your lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( pain , inflammation or inflammation ) - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in a type of white blood cells called neutrophils in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high uric acid levels in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high uric acid levels in the blood - high uric acid levels in the blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in your blood - high uric acid levels in the blood 45 45 - kidney failure - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , feeling dizzy , sleepy , feeling or being sick , sleepy , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the ears ( uncommon feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the ears feeling agitated feeling agitated , abnormal muscle movements , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs ( vertigo ) excess of fluid in the body , causing difficulty in sleeping ( dyspnoea ) 37 excessive sweating ( fatigue ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) 37 excessive sweating ( fatigue ) feeling drowsy ears ( feeling like your ears ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , blistering or peeling of the skin - these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following , stop using zelboraf and tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , or a general feeling of tiredness , fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - skin_cancer may lead to a type of skin cancer called basal cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ). - if you have a fever , fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , abnormal urine colour , which may be signs of liver problems ( see section 2 ). - if you have kidney disease or another high blood pressure , which could be a sign of kidney problems . if you have a combination of any of the following , tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately : - fever , - chills , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which is a sign that your liver will not be properly properly . - if you have low blood pressure , stop taking radiation and tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , abnormal urine output , which may be signs of liver problems ( see section 2 ). - if you have kidney disease or another high blood pressure , which could be a sign of kidney problems . if you have a combination of any of the following , tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately : - fever , - chills , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which is a sign that your liver will not be properly properly . - if you have low blood pressure , tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - severe tiredness with fever , chills , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal urine test , - blood abnormalities in the urine , and a type of white blood cell ( radiation ) which can be a sign of a life - threatening brain infection . - if you have a combination of any of the following , tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately : - fever , - chills , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which may be a sign of a life - threatening condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skin and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills , - fever , - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause blistering or peeling of the skin - if you have a fever , chills , feeling tired , abnormal urine test , as these may be signs of a kidney problem called fanconi syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . if you have a combination of any of the following , tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately : - fever , - chills , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which can be fatal . - signs and symptoms of blood clots in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ). - if you have a fever , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , abnormal urine test , as well as blood in the urine . this may be a sign of a rare brain infection called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skin and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills , - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , which may be signs of a life - threatening medical condition known as thrombotic microangiopathy . - if you notice any of these , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get fever , chills , fever ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - eye problems - dizziness or confusion - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - excessive gas in stomach or intestines - rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin_allergy ; fainting ; - swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . - gout ; - difficulty in sleeping ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an erection ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin_allergy ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): vertigo ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of a widespread severe severe abdominal pain , back pain , fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until numbness ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of a widespread severe severe abdominal pain , back pain , fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until gout ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in mood ; weight loss . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): vertigo ; joint pain ; muscular
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - nausea - stomach pain - diarrhoea , indigestion - mouth ulcers - sinus infection - back pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - painful joints - back pain - painful urination - back pain - painful urination - back pain - pain in the limbs - eyelid swelling - joint swelling - back pain - leakage of fluid in the tissues in the tissues of the eyelid ( cornea ) - pain and redness at the site of injection . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . possible side effects : tell a doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems : if you have a cough , vomiting and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), feeling sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation and loss of appetite . these symptoms can be a sign of a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). the infusion may be continued after the injection begins . tell your doctor immediately if you get pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . feeling sick ( vomiting ) or loss of appetite . these symptoms can be a sign of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention ). if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your abdomen , as there may be a problem with your spleen . feeling sick ( vomiting ), fever and loss of appetite . these symptoms can be a sign of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), feeling sick , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be a sign of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), feeling sick , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be a sign of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), feeling sick , vomiting , fever and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by the medicine ( drug - related reaction ). your doctor will monitor your heart regularly if you develop this side effect or if you have any of the following , or if you notice any other effects . it is important to read the information on this medicine . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you are being treated for riluzole_zentiva , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes - alanine aminotransferase ( alt ) seen in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions : - dizziness and numbness - numbness or tingling of the mouth - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes ) - yellowing of the eyes or skin ( jaundice ) - difficulties in breathing - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - fever or severe infections , which may be associated with a drop in the number of a type of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which may make you more prone to infections or infections , which may be associated with a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infections ) - decrease in white blood cells which can make you more prone to infections or flu - like symptoms . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting , which are important in fighting infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which fight infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which fight infections ) - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which fight infections ) - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( for example in a blood test ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions : - dizziness - numbness - numbness or tingling of the mouth - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - jaundice ( yellowing of the lung or the whites of the eyes ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) o difficulties in breathing - immediately - fever - severe infections - a decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in white blood cells which can make you more prone to infections or infections , which may be associated with a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which fight infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which fight infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , including injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . injection site reactions , such as itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , such as injection site swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , such as injection site swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site reactions such as itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reactions , such as injection site swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and pain injection site pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection site reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site injection site pain , injection site pain , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling injection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking defitelio : - if you experience fever , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing or immediately , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you experience fever , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor immediately . if you experience fever , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in your nearest hospital . fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in your nearest hospital . fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in your nearest hospital . fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in your nearest hospital . fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in your nearest hospital . fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by daklinza or by other medicines that you are taking , or an effect of this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the package leaflet for this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the package leaflet for this medicine . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is recommended that you follow this advice . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended to read the package leaflet for this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended that you follow this advice . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended that you follow this advice . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for developing this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is recommended that you follow this advice . it is important to read the information on this medicine . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of the following , stop taking this_vaccine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain , tenderness , swelling , soreness , swelling and bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): gastrointestinal disorders , fever , viral infection , fever , viral infection , fever , viral infection , fever , flu like illness , irritability , irritability , irritability , abnormal thinking , respiratory disturbances , irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea , high or low blood pressure , measles - like symptoms , such as rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): gastrointestinal disorders , fever , skin infection , fever . fungal infections , which may be accompanied by fever , flu like illness , fever , irritability , irritability , abnormal respiratory function , respiratory disorders , irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea , and acute respiratory distress . measles - like rash , rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): gastrointestinal disorders , fever , skin infection , fever . fungal infections , which may be accompanied by fever , flu like illness , irritability , irritability , irritability , abnormal thinking , respiratory disturbances , irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - lung infection with symptoms such as rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection , which may be accompanied by fever , fungal infections , and fever . - fungal infections . - fever . - skin reactions . - swelling , including pain , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . - respiratory impairment , irritability , seizures , vomiting and diarrhoea . - high or low blood pressure . - measles - like symptoms such as rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infections , and fever . - skin reactions . - swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . - respiratory : irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea . - low blood pressure . - measles - like symptoms such as rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infections , and fever . - skin reactions . - swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . - respiratory : irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea . - low blood pressure . - measles - like symptoms such as rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infections , and fever . - skin reactions . - swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . - respiratory : irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea . - low blood pressure . - measles - like symptoms such as rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infections , and fever . - skin reactions . - swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . - respiratory : irritability , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea . - low blood pressure . - measles - like symptoms such as rash , soreness , redness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection , - fever with signs such as fever , viral infection , fever , fungal infections , and fever . - skin reactions . - swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , feeling abnormal . - respiratory : irritability , seizures , vomiting and diarrhoea . - decreased number of white blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness . - soreness , redness , redness , swelling , soreness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a rash , itching and / or itching or blistering of the skin , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or tongue - rash - itching or itching of the skin - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you develop a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry rash , sneezing , stuffy nose , sore throat or stomach cough , diarrhoea , stomach ( stomach ) pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , excessive_thirst 36 hunger , hunger , hunger or hunger ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) severely decreased urine output ( very common ). some side effects could be serious : - if you notice a rash , hunger , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) - sudden loss of consciousness ( hunger ) - hunger - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) - sudden onset of rash or dizziness ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) - sudden loss of consciousness ( hunger ) - hunger - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) - sudden loss of consciousness ( hunger ) - hunger - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) - sudden loss of consciousness ( hunger ) - hunger - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) - sudden onset of rash or hunger ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - swelling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak and tired and low blood pressure . these reactions can be more likely to get these reaction . these reactions may be more common at the start of your treatment . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you are given topotecan_actavis ) infusion related reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening allergic reaction are related to an infusion - related reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your lung , as these may indicate serious conditions such as an allergic reaction . the most common symptoms of infusion related reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening allergic reaction can be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . serious side effects stop taking topotecan_actavis and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your lungs , as these may indicate serious conditions such as liver damage , which can be life threatening and lead to a life - threatening medical condition . - life - threatening allergic reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). - life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). you should see your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). - life - threatening allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) and / or breathing problems including difficulty breathing , cough , itchy skin , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , as these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . - signs of liver problems ( including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) and you may experience an allergic reaction to the medicine ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your lungs ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 2 hours after the infusion ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your lungs ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 2 hours after the start of the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other medicines ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as : - difficulty breathing - cough - itchy skin - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting - loss of appetite ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - signs of liver problems ( including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in patients who have had radiation treatment . call your doctor right away if you develop any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your lungs , as well as previous_radiation_treatment ( angioedema ) - breathing difficulties - difficulty breathing - cough - itchy skin - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting - loss of appetite ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you have a lung disease called veno - occlusive disease called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). you will be checked for any symptoms of allergic reaction ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the lungs ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - symptoms include : - becoming very wheezy , sore throat , sore throat or sore throat - cough - itchy skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) loss of too much fluid from your body ( falling very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience a sudden loss of vision ( falling ) or falling very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), a change in your mood or loss of taste . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hyperactivity ( high blood pressure ) and restlessness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hyperactivity ( a feeling of restlessness or slow heartbeat ) or restlessness . these may be signs of allergic reaction : if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the upper abdomen , stomach or throat , stomach or throat . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headaches , weight loss , weight gain , swelling of limbs ( peripheral oedema ), weight gain , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), difficulty in sleeping ( dyspnoea ) pain in the stomach or bowels , redness , swelling or inflammation in the digestive tract , infection of the stomach or stomach , abdominal pain , upper abdominal pain , constipation , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , abdominal pain , hair loss , accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), inflammation of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , abdominal pain , hair loss , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , abdominal pain , hair loss , inflammation of the lining of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , indigestion , excess wind , abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , abdominal pain , hair loss , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , abdominal pain , hair loss , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), inflammation of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , abdominal pain , hair loss , inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - a combination of blood in your urine , sweating or infection , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice signs of infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of infection of your lung . - if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ) - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness low blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of hair , swelling of the face and / or legs ( oedema peripheral ), eye inflammation , eyelid inflammation , eye inflammation , eyelid inflammation , drooping_eyelid , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , excess wind ( flatulence ), stomach hair , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of hair , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin discolouration , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , eye sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , coughing up blood , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in stomach or stomach , stomach pain , hair loss , skin ulcer , hair loss , loss of eyelashes , pain in the eyelid , eyelid sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body with or without difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience a skin rash or redness of the skin , tell your doctor or nurse . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of a very severe allergic reaction ) - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe skin reactions ( e . g . severe skin reactions ) - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of a very severe allergic reaction ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing ( severe allergic reactions ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe skin reactions - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - signs of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) - redness and blisters of the top layer of the body . this side effect is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - serious skin reactions ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the body ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - severe skin reactions ( e . g . yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the body ) - this occurs rarely . - serious allergic reactions ( died , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include large - scale skin reactions ( blisters and blisters ) can be life - threatening . - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - serious skin reactions ( erythema multiforme ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing ( potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) - blisters in the mouth , eyes and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - being sick ( nausea ) - nausea - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased sensitivity to sunlight ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe skin reactions ( e . g . yellowing of the skin and the whites of the body ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe skin reactions ( e . g . yellowing of the skin and the whites of the body ) - this occurs rarely - serious side effects : - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - being sick ( nausea and vomiting ) - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - serious skin reactions ( erythema multiforme ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe skin reactions ( e . g . yellowing of the skin and the whites of the body ) - serious allergic reactions ( blisters , may affect any part of the body including swelling of the face and other parts of the body ) - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - serious skin reactions ( erythema multiforme ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe skin reactions ( e . g . yellowing of the skin and the whites of the body ) - serious allergic reactions ( blisters , may affect any part of the body including swelling of the face or throat ) - dehydration - severe headache - vomiting - feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , blurred vision , which may be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): loss of interest , numbness , burning and pain in the mouth , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or pain at the injection site . injection site reactions ( including pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or warmth at the injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning pain or burning sensation ) injection site reactions at the injection site , such as round , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 36 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , 36 other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , numbness , burning or pain in the limbs , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or pain at the injection site . at the injection site : general ill feeling , and numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and 36 . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and 36 . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , numbness , burning or pain in the limbs , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or pain at the injection site . injection site reactions ( e . g . area_around_the_eyes , pain , burning , numbness , burning , or warmth at the injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , or warmth at the injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or warmth at the injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , or pain at the infusion site ), lips , tongue or tongue . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and 36 . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , numbness , burning or pain in the limbs , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or pain at the injection site . injection site reactions ( including pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or warmth at the injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , blood_clots_swelling or warmth at the injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , or pain at the infusion site ), redness of the skin at injection site , reduced sensation or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and 36 . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , numbness , burning or pain in the limbs , lips , tongue or tongue . symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or pain at the injection site . injection site reactions ( including pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or warmth at the injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , blood_clots_swelling or warmth at the injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , or pain at the infusion site ). injection site reactions
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking fotivda : - if you experience fever , chills , sore throat or coughing , severe fever , rashes , itchy skin or hives . these may be the signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - a fever , or chills , or sore throat or coughing , severe fever , rashes or itchy skin , or hives . the signs may include large high blood pressure , feeling sick ( paleness ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rashes , itchy skin or hives . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or high temperature , - abnormal blood pressure , - seizure , - confused , - feeling sick , - pain in your arms or legs , - heartburn , heartburn , - inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , indigestion , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , inflammation of the
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or lungs ; chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; itching ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; itching ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sudden life - threatening allergic reactions , such as a rash , itching or hives on the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , stronger bleeding , presence of blood in the urine , - rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , stronger bleeding , presence of blood in the urine , - rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , stronger bleeding , presence of blood in the urine , - rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , stronger bleeding , presence of blood in the urine , - rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of small blood vessels , which may cause a symptom of a potentially life - threatening condition known as frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - damage to the optic nerve ( e . g . severe eye pain , cellulitis and cellulitis ) - blistering of the skin ( uncommon ) - may affect up to 1 in 100 people - talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the side effects listed above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the joints - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the joints - upper respiratory tract infection . - urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the joints and upper respiratory tract . - urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the tummy ( abdomen ) - upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , - rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , stronger bleeding , presence of blood in the urine , - rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , stronger bleeding , presence of blood in the urine , - rash , itching and swelling of the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : signs of an allergic reaction such as : - breathing problems - swelling of the face , lips , face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . other side effects with ambirix may include : - if you experience pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of bleeding such as bruising , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these reactions may be severe and could lead to loss of consciousness . if you think you are having this type of reaction , you must stop your ambirix injection and get medical help immediately . - if you experience pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may give you other bleeding at the injection site , such as bleeding , bruising or bleeding . your doctor may give you another medicine to prevent bleeding , or bruising at the site of injection . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - low blood pressure , which may make you feel tired , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy , tired or loss of consciousness , severe loss of consciousness , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . - pain , redness , stinging , or bleeding at the injection site . these reactions can be severe and may lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction . - low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy , tired or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a sudden drop in blood pressure . this may be a sign of a rare severe situation . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash , blistering or stinging of the face , face , face or chest , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sudden loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of rash , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - severe allergic reaction that may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these reactions may be severe and could lead to loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these reactions may be severe and could lead to loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of severe allergic reaction : - if you develop swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these reactions may be severe and could lead to loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain , redness , stinging or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these reactions may be severe and could lead to loss of consciousness . if you are being treated for severe
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following vaccination , in rare cases difficulty in breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing ( severe allergic reactions ), itchy skin , blisters , peeling of the skin at the injection site may occur . these are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling of weakness , and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , headache , sleepiness , feeling of weakness , and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in limbs , - headache , sleepiness , - feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in joints . - headache , sleepiness , feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in joints . - headache , sleepiness , feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in joints . - headache , sleepiness , feeling of weakness , feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in limbs , pain in joints . - headache , sleepiness , feeling of weakness , and feeling unwell . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; discomfort in the abdomen ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; itching ; bumps , swelling , sometimes in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by a tingling of the hands and soles of your feet and sores in your mouth , which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body )* change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) high uric acid levels in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reaction ( e . g . skin reactions , phlebitis ) inflammation of the vein , small particles or spots in your vision ( penile bleeding ) high uric acid levels in the blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis ) and inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , including cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis ) decrease in vision or pain in your eyes due to high pressure ( possible signs of acute - angle closure glaucoma ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ) blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis ) and inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , including cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis ) decrease in vision or pain in your eyes due to high pressure ( possible signs of acute - angle closure glaucoma ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions where the patch was used , such as inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you should stop taking intuniv and contact your doctor immediately : - if you experience symptoms such as rash , chest chest discomfort or discomfort , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , feeling tired ( malaise ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) at the beginning of treatment , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with intuniv . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - gas ( infection ) - reddening of the skin - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon ( may affect up to in 100 people ): - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon ( may affect up to in 100 people ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - increased blood pressure - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal discomfort - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - stomach discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - stomach discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - stomach discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - stomach discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid under the skin ( pruritus ) - rash ( malaise ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - stomach discomfort -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - 29 common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach stomach - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - disorder - decreased blood pressure - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - headache - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - disorder with low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - rash , itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - disorder - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - rash , itching - hives - rash - pruritis - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - low blood pressure - hot flushes - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure - hot flushes - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure - fast heart rate - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure - hot flushes - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure - hot flushes - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure - hot flushes - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure - hot flushes - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing low blood pressure - high blood pressure -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of severe allergic reactions may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , feeling faint or loss of consciousness . severe symptoms can be life - threatening . stop using adynovi and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects above . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ), generalised swelling , hives , swelling of face , tongue or face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood platelet count . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including hypersensitivity and urticaria , hives , swelling of face , tongue or face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other possible side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including hypersensitivity and urticaria , hives , swelling of face , tongue or face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , feeling faint or loss of consciousness . severe symptoms can be life - threatening . if you experience a severe allergic reaction , stop using adynovi and see a doctor straight away . loss of consciousness can be severe and life - threatening . other severe side effects are listed below . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood platelet count . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including hypersensitivity and urticaria , hives , swelling of face , tongue or face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions . if you have a severe allergic reaction , stop using adynovi and see a doctor straight away . loss of consciousness can be severe and life - threatening . other severe side effects are listed below . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood platelet count . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including hypersensitivity and urticaria , hives , swelling of face , tongue or face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions . if you have a severe allergic reaction , stop using adynovi and see a doctor straight away . loss of consciousness can be severe and life - threatening . other severe side effects are listed below . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): factor viii infection uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ), generalised swelling , hives , swelling of face , tongue or face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness in the chest , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , which may be severe and life - threatening . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low level of blood platelets . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , tongue or face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness in the chest ), general feeling of being unwell , loss of consciousness , severe symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of drowsiness , difficulty breathing or swallowing these may be symptoms of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - headache - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - diarrhoea_vomiting ( flatulence ) - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - inflammation of the stomach and intestines - discomfort - vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tremor ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - high blood pressure - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - flushing ( infection ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - a combination of blood in your urine , fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , or increase in sexual interest . in addition , your doctor may prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or painful palms of the throat and throat ( this may be a symptom of angioedema ) - sudden and severe breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or painful palms of the throat or throat ( signs of angioedema ) - becoming very wheezy , coughing or feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you suddenly feel dizzy , coughing and wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth - angioedema and decreased consciousness . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you develop a cough , coughing and wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , coughing or hives , which may be symptoms of a respiratory tract infection , such as fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , respiratory infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , high level of uric acid in the blood , which may be a sign of urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore or painful palms of the throat or throat ( signs of this may include a cold or a sore throat or a swollen mouth ) - feeling weak or coughing - feeling weak or having a short of breath . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you develop a cough , coughing and wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , coughing or hives , which may be symptoms of a respiratory tract infection , such as fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , respiratory infections , such as fever and chills - respiratory tract infections , such as respiratory infections , - fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infection , fungal infections , such as fever and chills , respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , such as fever and chills - respiratory tract infections , such as respiratory infections , such as fever and chills - respiratory tract infections , such as respiratory infections , such as fever and chills - respiratory tract infection , such as stuffy or blocked nose and feeling of fullness in your throat , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - fever ( very common ). common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or painful palms of the throat or throat ( this may be a symptom of a serious infection of the mouth or throat ) - problems with your mouth or throat ( angioedema ) - rapid or weak breathing - coughing and feeling_weak - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - hives - blistering of the skin , mainly of the face or mouth ( angioedema ) - rapid heartbeat , coughing and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of consciousness - this occurs rarely - if you develop a cough , coughing and wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , coughing or hives , which may be symptoms of a respiratory tract infection , such as fever , chills or upper respiratory infections , - respiratory infection , such as fever and chills
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately . the signs may include large - scale suicide ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to death . if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of atripla , seek medical advice immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect of atripla use . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience lactic acidosis ( see section 2 ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - discomfort or discomfort in the stomach or intestine ( gastroenteritis ) - flatulence ( flatulence ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - liver disorders - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - itching - swelling of the face - abnormal liver function tests ( rare : may affect up to darkening_of_the_skin_in_patches in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - severe allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause : itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( death of the central nervous system ) - presence of suicide , a rare severe muscle disorder which causes death of multiple sclerosis ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - discomfort or infection of the stomach or intestine ( gastroenteritis ) - pain in the arms and legs - pain in arms or legs - muscle pain , muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - difficulty or pain in your arms or legs - pain in your arms and legs - hair loss - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - itching - swelling of the face - abnormal liver function tests ( rare : may affect up to darkening_of_the_skin_in_patches in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - severe allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may be severe and could lead to death . - doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . - changes in behaviour and behaviour such as : - if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - reflux or fullness ( gastroenteritis ) - infection of the stomach and intestine ( gastroenteritis ) - flatulence ( flatulence ) - musculoskeletal pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - difficulty or pain in your arms and / or legs - hair loss - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - itching - swelling of the face and / or throat - abnormal liver function tests ( rare : may affect up to darkening_of_the_skin_in_patches in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - hypersensitivity reactions - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction [ erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - changes in behaviour or behaviour , such as fits and guillain - barr syndrome , which is more likely to occur during the first few weeks of treatment with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : anaphylaxis may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ( disappears ) or disappears . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , redness , swelling and / or local_skin_reactions ( see section 4 " warnings and precautions 4 '). tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( see section 4 under ' warnings and precautions '). ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , nausea , abdominal pain and headache . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reactions including skin reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 4 syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the area of the area ( disappears ) 4 syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ) signs of blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) signs may include nausea , abdominal pain and headache . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , tired , drop in blood pressure , fever , breathing difficulties , and increase in blood pressure and wheezing , breathing difficulties and a drop in blood pressure and wheezing ( bronchospasm ). these reactions could be serious and may lead to a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mucous_membranes , neck or hands ), difficulty in swallowing or eyelids , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and other allergic reactions ( e . g . blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . neck and hands ) in the hands and feet and moving up towards the genital_areas of the body . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , tired , high blood pressure , fever , breathing difficulties , or respiratory attack ( signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eyelids and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills , - shivering , - feeling weak , tired or tired - these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to bronchospasm . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - if you notice any of the above symptoms after your treatment with blitzima , you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever - chills - shivering - feeling weak or tired - signs of high blood pressure , which may make you feel dizzy , light - headed or tired ( signs of lung problems ) - fever , sore throat , swollen face , tongue or throat , itchy or purple skin , itching or hives . - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles , which may be a sign of a stroke - feeling dizzy , especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position , feeling nervous , difficulty thinking , difficulty walking or sight loss these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a serious allergic reaction ), anaphylaxis ( symptoms include rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rapid breathing , or a fast pulse , or a fast pulse , and a general feeling of tiredness , or a general feeling of being sick , diarrhoea , stomach tightness , abdominal pain , jaundice ) yellowing of your skin or the whites of your tongue ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ). if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and possibly like target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , tongue or tongue and difficulty with breathing . stop using roactemra and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your mouth with or without fever ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ( difficulty breathing or swallowing ), which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction known as cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ( difficulty breathing or swallowing ), which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction known as cough , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ( difficulty breathing or swallowing ) ( rare ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) painful swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ( possible signs of a serious allergic reaction ) anaphylaxis ( symptoms include rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty breathing or swallowing , rapid pulse , rapid breathing , or a rapid pulse , or a fast heart rate ) or feeling faint . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ( quincke ' s oedema ) signs of serious infection such as : - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abdominal pain - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your tongue ) - jaundice ( yellow discolouration of your eyes or the whites of your tongue ) - hives ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - signs of serious infection such as reddish - target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , tongue or tongue and difficulty with breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of severe allergic reactions : - swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue - difficulty breathing . - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , face or throat or severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat or other severe rash - this occurs rarely - if you develop a fever or fever , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your face,_throat_or_tongue , severe diarrhoea , or breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a fever or fever , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - infusion - related reactions tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in your chest or breathing severe shortness of breath or breathing - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - fever - a severe form of infection known as hypertensive crisis . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment . these may be signs of a life - threatening medical condition . - fever with symptoms such as swollen face or tongue severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe fever or fever - a severe form of infection known as it can be life - threatening or life - threatening . - fever or severe breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in your chest or breathing severe shortness of breath or breathing - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - fever - a severe form of infection known as hypertensive crisis . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects after receiving this medicine . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with depocyte . if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( seen in more than 1 in 100 patients ) and common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). angioedema may also be life - threatening . other side effects include : swelling mainly of the tongue or throat and serious angioedema ( most life - threatening allergic reaction ). tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common : the following may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). angioedema may also be life - threatening . other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause itching and hives ( hives ) allergic reaction ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : the following may affect more than other_side_effects_other_side_effects in 10 people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause itching and hives ( hives ) allergic reaction ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : face in the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or angioedema ( angioedema ). other side effects : very common side effects : may affect more than other_side_effects_other_side_effects in eyes people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause itching and hives ( hives ) allergic reaction ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : the following may affect more than one in eyes people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause itching and hives ( hives ) allergic reaction ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : face in the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or angioedema ( angioedema ). other side effects : very common side effects : may affect more than one in eyes people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause itching and hives ( hives ) allergic reaction ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : face in the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or angioedema ( angioedema ). other side effects : very common side effects : may affect more than one in eyes people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : face in the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or angioedema ( angioedema ). other side effects : very common side effects : may affect more than one in eyes people difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or angioedema
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body , or pain , inflammation and inflammation . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your body . it is important to talk to your doctor immediately if you get pain in the brain , or if you have any of the following serious side effects : - if you get pain , inflammation or inflammation in your blood vessels ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and tell your doctor immediately if you develop a serious allergic reaction . the signs may include : a very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - therapy with lamivudine accord . the symptoms may include a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get pain or inflammation in your brain , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get pain , inflammation or inflammation in your blood vessels ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). - if you get pain , inflammation or inflammation in your blood vessels ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 for more information and precautions '). - problems with your kidneys such as a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the tissues in the body ) - pain or inflammation in an infection of the brain ( a condition known as pulmonary oedema ). - an infection of the urinary system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) in patients treated with lamivudine_teva . signs and symptoms of inflammation or inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) in patients treated with obese ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section obese ). obese may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking lamivudine_teva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms above . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : blood clot in the veins especially in the body and lungs , which may be a serious infection of the lung and urinary tract ( e . g . obese , obese ) or inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s immune system becoming stronger , so that the body starts to fight these infections ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions " in section obese ). obese may cause a very rare ( may affect up to other_side_effects_other_side_effects in obese , 000 people ) obese may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in body , 000 people ) pain or inflammation in your brain . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the side effects listed above . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain or inflammation at the site of injection . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the symptoms above . other side effects include : blood tests may show an increase in a substance called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the body area or left shoulder pain since this may relate to problems with your body . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain or inflammation in your brain . infection of the urinary system ( e . g . obese , obese ) or overweight ( this may be a sign of a serious condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ). tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following side effects : infection of the urinary system ( e . g . obese or obese ) or inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) in patients treated with obese ( including hepatitis b infection ). obese may cause serious damage to your body and may result in serious damage to the liver . talk to your doctor if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common problems of diabetes a . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : deposits if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : deposits from the iris ( frequency rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or iris . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only last for a short time . your doctor may recommend a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your iris . a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with the_injection_procedure : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with the_injection_procedure : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with the_injection_procedure : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other antiretroviral treatments : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other medicinal agents : common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits . some patients have had the following side effects while taking
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus , swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and pain ( painful redness and / or painful feet ). some of these reactions have been fatal ( frequency not known ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . 0 28
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( such as difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure and feeling of tightness in the chest . these could be signs of a condition called hypocalcaemia ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , increased levels of liver enzymes . - increased liver enzymes , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , or cramps , breathing difficulties or cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia , indigestion , dyspepsia , vomiting , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), - chest pain ( hypotension ), cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia , indigestion , dyspepsia ( vomiting ), - elevated levels of some liver enzymes , - decreased urine output , back pain , - back pain , - cough , - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia , indigestion , dyspepsia , vomiting , - elevated levels of some liver enzymes , - decreased urine output , back pain , - painful urination , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia , indigestion , dyspepsia , vomiting , - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes , - back pain , - painful urination , - cough , - low blood pressure , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia , indigestion , dyspepsia , vomiting - increased liver enzymes - increased appetite , back pain , - painful , back pain , - breathing difficulties , cough , - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia , indigestion , dyspepsia ( vomiting ), - elevated levels of some liver enzymes , - decreased urine output , back pain , - cough , - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion , dyspepsia ), vomiting - increased liver enzymes ( sign of liver problems ) - back pain , muscle pain , back pain , - painful urination , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia , indigestion , dyspepsia , vomiting - increased liver enzymes - decreased appetite , back pain , - cramps or back pain , - breathing difficulties , cough , - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion , dyspepsia ), vomiting - increased liver enzymes ( sign of liver problems ) - back pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , numbness or tingling in hands and feet , numbness or tingling of the hands and feet ( numbness or tingling sensation ), or numbness . - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting - increased levels of liver enzymes - decreased appetite , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle aches , or cramps , breathing difficulties , cough , - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion , dyspepsia ), vomiting - increased liver enzymes - decreased appetite , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , - painful urination , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia , indigestion , dyspepsia , vomiting - increased liver enzymes - increased appetite , back pain , - painful urination , - cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion , dyspepsia ), vomiting - increased liver enzymes ( sign of liver problems ) - back pain , muscle pain , back pain , - painful urination , cough , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion , dyspepsia ), vomiting - increased liver enzymes - decreased appetite , back pain , - cramps or back pain , - breathing difficulties , cough , - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of an allergic reaction ( see section 1 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe kidney impairment ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . serious allergic reactions ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens , you must stop taking jentadueto and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - serious allergic reactions ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - life - threatening allergic reaction . - symptoms can include : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience lactic acidosis ( coma ). this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - life - threatening allergic reaction . - symptoms can include : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor if you experience lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens , you must stop taking jentadueto and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - serious allergic reaction ( uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor if you experience lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens , you must stop taking jentadueto and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - serious allergic reaction ( uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor if you experience lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens , you must stop taking jentadueto and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - serious allergic reaction ( uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor if you experience lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens , you must stop taking jentadueto and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - serious allergic reaction ( uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as : - shortness of breath or wheezing - immediately tell your doctor if you experience lactic acidosis ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , drowsiness , sweats , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , insomnia , headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , stomach chills , decreased appetite , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( such as swollen face , tongue or mouth ), angioedema ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , face and throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ( angioedema ) difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly in patients with chronic renal failure ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain , muscle aches - feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing or shortness of breath chest pain which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ), vomiting , diarrhoea and feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea 28 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea and 28 for 28 years of age . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea 28 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea 28 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness and sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea 28 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness and sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness and sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness and sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness and sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking viagra and seek medical help immediately : - a severe allergic reaction - if you develop a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - severe allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - a severe allergic reaction with blistering and peeling of the skin , blistering of the mouth , genitals and around the eyes , fever and seizures ( see section " warnings and precautions "): - stroke - seizures ( fits ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - facial flushing - flushing ( pruritus ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - nausea and vomiting - skin rash - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes as well as fever and seizures , as it could be a sign of stroke . - inability to resist your insulin or resistance to a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache - passing water loss - pain in your joints - nausea and vomiting - skin rash - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , or an itchy rash ( e . g . genitals and / or eyes ) - fever - seizures ( fits ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - hot flushes - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - nausea , vomiting - skin rash - this may be an early warning of an uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a hypersensitivity reaction ( see also " warnings and precautions "). - life - threatening swelling in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . genitals and / or eyes ) - fever - seizures - stroke - blurred vision ( seeing , hearing or hearing things that are not there ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . severe rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) - seizures ( fits ) - seizures ( fits ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - hot flushes - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - nausea , vomiting and skin rash - local reactions at the site of injection , such as changes in moles or other vision problems . - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction , or anaphylactic shock , see your doctor as soon as possible . - if you develop a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( angioedema ) - fever - seizures - stroke - visual disturbances ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice a skin rash , or an itchy rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). - seizures . - seizures . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache - hot flushes - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( hand -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , being sick , vomiting , constipation , shortness of breath , ankle swelling or infection , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ". if you experience any of the side effects above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in legs or appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , difficulty sleeping , sinus_headache back , back pain , back pain , back pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , abnormal urine odour . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased heart rate , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , back pain , back pain , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , impaired vision , ringing in the ears , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , and decreased blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , increased heart rate , abnormal heart rhythm , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , back pain , back pain , ringing in the ears , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of heaviness in the chest , feeling of pressure in the throat , feeling of pressure in the eye , feeling of pressure in the eye , feeling of heart rhythm disturbances . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) effects on the back of the eye , dry eye , increased heart rate , back pain , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the eye , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , abnormal or abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , sensation of spinning . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , decreased heart rate , increased heart rate , clouding of the lens of the eye , dry eye , ringing in the ears , ear pain , increased blood pressure , back pain , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , reduced blood flow to the eyes , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , sensation of heaviness in the eye , feeling of heaviness in the chest , abnormal ecg heart tracing . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , decreased heart rate , increased heart rate , interruption of blood clots in the veins in the back of the eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , dilation of the pupil of the eye , discolouration of the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , sensation of spinning . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , decreased heart rate , increased heart rate , interruption of blood clots in the veins in the back of the eye , dry eye , ringing in the ears , ear pain , increased tears , redness of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , dilation of the pupil of the eye , discolouration of the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , sensation of spinning . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , decreased heart rate , increased heart rate , interruption of blood clots in the veins in the back of the eye , dry eye , ringing in the ears ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , nasopharyngitis , confusion , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your mouth , as there may be a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen ). - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine , if you experience confusion , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to other_neurological_signs in a central nervous system ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . blisters and peeling ) of your eyes , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to other_neurological_signs in one people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice a skin rash or blisters , or blistering of the skin , particularly around your mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) or a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to other_neurological_signs in one people ) - the following symptoms : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate serious , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . blisters and / or peeling ) on your skin ( erythema multiforme ) or widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to other_neurological_signs in such cases , e . g . abnormal or uncontrolled movements , or other neurological infections ) other side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - 29 symptoms : - severe allergic reactions - hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - allergic reactions ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cases of allergic reactions ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blockage of the lining of the heart ( glaucoma ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( glaucoma ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( glaucoma ) - clouding of the lens in your intestine ( pulmonary oedema ) - pain in your back ( abdomen ) - an increase in the amount of fat in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increased drowsiness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely in patients using nucala . you should immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , muscles and / or shoulders , which could be signs of urinary tract infection ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - symptoms of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a high temperature it may be symptoms of urinary tract infection ( see section 2 ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling lightheaded - abnormal blood test results ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure - common ( may affect up to chest_infection in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach or abdominal pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - upper
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . fever , fatigue , muscle aches , and joint aches ) and rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : - elevated levels of white blood cells - a type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) - bruising common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - decreased sense of smell - decreased appetite - runny nose - vomiting - nausea - constipation - diarrhoea - constipation - skin rash - back pain - shortness of breath - back pain - shortness of breath - back pain - fever - fatigue - infection ( neutropenia ) - neutropenia ( decreased number of white blood cells ) thrombocytopenia ( decreased number of red blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) - decreased appetite - muscle twitching - muscle weakness - abnormal thinking - loss of sight ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ) - reactivation of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine or fever ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - blistering of the skin - severe blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - painful and itchy rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - infection of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . bruising and bruising ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - decreased sense of smell - decreased appetite - runny nose - vomiting - nausea - constipation - diarrhoea - constipation - skin rash - back pain - shortness of breath - back pain - shortness of breath - back pain - fever - fatigue - infection ( neutropenia ) - neutropenia ( increased risk of blood disorders , such as muscle spasms , muscle weakness , and difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ) - tumour lysis syndrome - reactivation of reactivation of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine or fever ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - blistering of the skin - severe blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - blistering of the skin - new or worsening fever - fever - infection ( neutropenia ) - decreased appetite - eye irritation - muscle and joint stiffness - changes in behaviour - new or worsening of the heart ' s ability to pump blood ( pericardial effusion ) - reactivation of reactivation of cancer cells , which can cause a life - threatening allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or fever , which may be severe and life - threatening ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - fever - infection ( neutropenia ) - decreased appetite , muscle stiffness , muscle weakness , and difficulty in speech ( including posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ) - reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( very common ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - infection of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . bruising and bruising ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - decreased sense of smell - decreased appetite - runny nose - vomiting - nausea - constipation - diarrhoea - constipation - skin rash - back pain - shortness of breath - back pain - shortness of breath - back pain - fever - fatigue - infection ( neutropenia ) - thrombocytopenia ( decreased number of white blood cells ) thrombocytopenia ( decreased number of red blood cells ) - decreased appetite - muscle twitching , muscle weakness - difficulty or problems in getting or maintaining an erection ( erectile dysfunction , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - reactivation of reactivation of a type of blood cancer , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - blistering of the skin - fever - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( flu - like syndrome ) - fever - fever - infection ( neutropenia ) - decreased appetite - muscle stiffness - muscle weakness - changes in speech - problems with eyesight
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include : o difficulty breathing or breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat . these could be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the stomach or intestines - stomach pain - feeling sick , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - dark - coloured urine - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - passing wind ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - stomach pain - vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - skin rash - rash - itchy rash - hives - itchy rash - hives - nose bleed - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny or runny nose - hives - runny nose - throat_irritation - rash - itchy rash - hives - itchy rash - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking zerene and seek medical help immediately if you experience an allergic reaction . the signs may include : a rash , itching or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause a combination of a serious allergic reaction . liver problems ( frequency not known ) has also been reported with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - serious allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - a rash , itching or sores in your mouth , as there may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( increases_in_transaminases ). - liver problems ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - abnormal behaviour , including altered hearing , aggressiveness , rages , rages , agitation , agitation , depression , restlessness , abnormal behaviour , mental disorder , changes in behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , nightmares , speech disorder ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), - speech disorder , speech disorder , slurred_speech , speech disorders , speech disorder , impaired vision , partial or complete partial loss of vision , double vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , changes in vision including double vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , partial loss of vision , double vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , partial loss of vision , halo vision , halo vision , flashes of light , double vision , partial loss of vision , visual impairment , clouding of the eye , clouding of the lens in the eye , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of vision , double vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , clouding of the lens in the eye , seeing flashes of light , floaters , speech disorder , speech disorder , abnormal speech , partial or complete partial loss of vision , seeing flashes of light , visual impairment , clouding of the lens in a field of vision , double vision , double vision , problems seeing speech , double vision , problems seeing or hearing things that are not real ( encephalopathy ), speech disorder , clouding of the lens in the eye , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of vision , double vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , double vision , problems seeing or hearing loss , changes in vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , partial loss of vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , clouding of the lens in the eye , seeing flashes of light with floaters , speech disorders , speech disorders , abnormal speech , partial or complete partial loss of vision , double vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , clouding of the lens , abnormal vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , problems seeing or hearing things that are not real ( encephalopathy ), speech disorder , clouding of the lens ( cataract ), speech disorder , speech disorder , clouding of the lens in a field of vision , double vision , double vision , problems seeing speech , double vision , problems seeing or hearing things that are not real ( encephalopathy ), speech disorder , clouding of the lens in the eye , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of vision , double vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , clouding of the lens , abnormal vision , double vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , clouding of the lens , abnormal vision , double vision , flashes of light , double vision , problems seeing or hearing things that are not real ( encephalopathy ), speech disorder , clouding of the lens in the eye ( retinal bleeding ), problems with speech , double vision , double vision , problems seeing speech , double vision , problems seeing or hearing things that are not real ( encephalopathy ), speech disorder , clouding of the lens in the eye , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of vision , double vision , clouding of eye ,
