like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , pain and fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anaemia ( low number of red blood cells ) ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fatigue , increased levels of some enzymes in your blood ( which are important in fighting tests ), vomiting , nausea uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , dark urine , retina on the right side of the retina ( foot syndrome ) in the retina ( foot ) in the foot of the anus ( gout ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , dark urine or retina on the right side of the retina ( foot syndrome ) in the stomach or foot ( foot syndrome ), inflammation of the lining around the heart ( gout ) and gout ( uncommon ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , dark urine or retina on the right side of the retina ( foot syndrome ) in the back of the neck or foot ( foot syndrome ). inflammation of the lining around the heart ( gout ) and gout ( uncommon ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , dark urine or retina on the right side of the retina ( foot syndrome ), inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the foot of the blood vessels in the lungs ( gout ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , dark urine or retina on the right side of the retina ( foot syndrome ) in the groin ( foot ), which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) stevens - johnson syndrome : a widespread rash with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with peeling skin , peeling of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) or blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a widespread rash with peeling skin , particularly around the foot ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than foot % of the skin ( erythema multiforme ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking zinbryta and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms of liver problems ( may very very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( death . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you get symptoms such as liver failure , liver or blood tests and may show an increase in liver enzymes . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions at the site of the eyes , stomach pain , eczema , dark urine , liver function tests and liver function tests ( these may be seen in blood tests ) or decrease in the number of white blood cells or lymphocytes in your blood . symptoms may include liver problems such as eczema , eczema , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach or liver_enzymes . your doctor will tell you how to treat low white blood cells 3 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported with the use of wilzin : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too very low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within three days . if they do not become better , please inform your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of the following symptoms : swelling or difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): − stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for you and if you are at risk by you . rash , itchy skin , rash , hair loss and abnormal liver function tests . these can be signs of a liver problem . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you have a rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your liver function . rash , itchy skin , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for you and if you are at risk risk . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop the treatment . rash , itchy rash ( anaphylactic shock ) and coma have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). symptoms include swelling , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you have a rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for you and if you are at risk risk . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop or permanently stop your treatment . rash , itchy rash ( anaphylactic shock ) and coma have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). symptoms include swelling , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you have a rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for you and if you are at risk risk of reduced liver enzymes . rash , itchy rash ( anaphylactic reaction ) coma . this is a very rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : o swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following allergic reactions you may need urgent medical treatment : shock ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , injection site pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bruising , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bruising , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . feeling sick ( being sick ), stomach pain , joint pain . muscle spasms . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) pain , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . injection site reactions such as itching , joint_pain , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . injection site reactions such as itching , urticaria , inflammation or bruising ( vasculitis ). allergic reactions . skin rashes , joint pain , muscle spasms and encephalomyelitis ( a type of inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ) vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). skin rashes , joint pain , muscle weakness ( encephalomyelitis ), temporary loss of vision , inflammation of the central nervous system ( vasculitis ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). skin and allergic reactions ( such as skin rashes , joint pain , muscle weakness or encephalomyelitis ), temporary loss of vision , inflammation of the central nervous system ( vasculitis ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels [ vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). skin_rashes can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . encephalomyelitis ( a type of inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ) vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ) may include skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain ( encephalomyelitis ), inflammation of the small blood vessels ( vasculitis ) may be vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels [ vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). skin rashes , joint pain , muscle weakness ( encephalomyelitis ), temporary loss of vision , inflammation of the central nervous system ( vasculitis ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ) ( vasculitis ). skin rashes , joint pain , muscle spasms ( encephalomyelitis ), temporary loss of vision , inflammation of the central nervous system ( vasculitis ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ) ( vasculitis ). skin rashes , joint pain , muscle spasms ( encephalomyelitis ), temporary loss of vision , inflammation of the central nervous system ( vasculitis ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems ( including hepatitis b infection ). if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , injection site reactions , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bruising , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given injection site reactions such as itching , joint_pain , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , itching , joint pain , muscle spasms and flu . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) vaccine , feeling dizzy , headache , stomach pain , feeling sick or sick ( being sick ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) feeling of weakness , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given . injection site reactions such as itching , urticaria , inflammation or bruising ( vasculitis ). allergic reactions ( including skin rashes , joint pain , muscle and encephalomyelitis ) and encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). symptoms may include : difficulty breathing , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a swelling such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or stinging , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or stinging , swelling of the eyelids , swelling or reactions at the injection site . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by afinitor are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): signs of signs of pain , swelling , itching , or itching all over the body , angioedema ( signs of which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing ), dizziness , swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite , and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . the following side effects are known if you take afinitor , such as itching , reddening of the skin , pain , swelling or redness of the skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a condition called " capillary leak syndrome which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ): angioedema ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or other flu - like symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a feeling of fullness in the stomach ( abdomen ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irregular heart beat faster heart beat high blood pressure nasal congestion stomach pain sore throat feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache headache pain and pain in the back of the mouth and throat constipation dry mouth difficulty in swallowing increased water in the abdomen breathlessness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat faster heart beat faster heart beat high blood pressure nasal congestion rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blurred vision increase in the amount of sugar in your blood . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) glaucoma ( difficulty in breathing ) nasal congestion ( when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . blurred vision increase in the amount of potassium in your blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face or throat , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps some side effects could be serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection , headaches , tiredness , dizziness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain and tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage , bruising , discolouration or infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( e . g . increase in blood pressure ). dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the skin , low blood pressure , bruising , discolouration or infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( sepsis ), which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot , platelets , fluid retention , bruising . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased bruising , bleeding at the site of injection . general disorders : nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at injection site , increased blood pressure , discolouration , bruising , bruising or infection at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet . low blood pressure . bruising , discolouration or infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( sepsis ), which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot , platelets , fluid retention , bruising . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased bruising , bleeding at the site of injection . general disorders : nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet . low blood pressure . bruising , discolouration or infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( e . g . increase in blood pressure ). dizziness , fainting , fainting . increased blood pressure . bruising and bleeding at the injection site . general disorders : nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising . at the injection site ( injection site rotation ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the skin . low blood pressure . bruising , discolouration or infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) or in the number of certain types of white blood cells ( platelets ) and blood platelets . tumour lysis syndrome ( very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet . low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite . dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet . low blood pressure . low blood pressure . bruising , discolouration or infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased number of a type of white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood . this is more likely if you have low blood pressure or if your blood pressure is usually normal or low . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage . nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage , discolouration or bruising of the
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and diabetes . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : symptoms of bleeding or bleeding in your stomach or bowels , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following or signs of a severe allergic reaction , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , and unexplained loss of consciousness , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - severe allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( urticaria ), - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or dizziness - swelling , swelling , warmth , bruising , bleeding or bruising - high blood pressure - high blood sugar - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , tingling , numbness or numbness ( urticaria ), hives ( urticaria ), - itchy skin - bruising - pain at the injection site - high blood sugar - high blood sugar - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe confusion - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising at the injection site - high blood sugar - low blood platelet count - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe confusion - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising - pain at the site of injection - high blood sugar - low blood platelet count - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe confusion - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising - pain at the site of injection - high blood sugar - low blood platelet count - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe allergic reaction which may include difficulty breathing , dizziness or fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - hives ( urticaria ) - bruising - pain at the site of injection - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - fainting - swelling of the face - allergic reaction ( urticaria ) - hives - swelling of the face and throat - hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in some liver enzymes rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your face , lips ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause irritation or irritation in the area around the penis ( macular oedema ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the retina ( macular oedema ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is a common side effect of clopidogrel use is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain or other symptoms of severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain or other symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain or other symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or inflammation of the pancreas ); severe abdominal pain ; jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach ) caused by itching ; dizziness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation such as tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus mellitus , increased blood pressure , difficulty in sleeping , trembling , headache , increased blood pressure , liver function tests , diarrhoea , nausea and kidney problems common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased cholesterol in the blood , increased lipids in the blood , decreased appetite , increased acidity in the blood , decreased appetite , increased acidity of the blood , other changes in the blood salts ( seen in blood tests ), nausea , confusion , disorientation , depression , mood changes , nightmare , hallucination , loss of consciousness , changes in consciousness , tingling and numbness ( sometimes painful ) in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders : blurred vision , increased eye pressure , increased tears , bleeding in your eyes , change in vision including bleeding in your eyes due to high blood pressure , bleeding in the lung , cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ), yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ), yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools ( faeces ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ), yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools ( faeces ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ), yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , or flu - like symptoms , stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems including yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , itching of the skin , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ) liver problems including yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating ( loose stools ), bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( signs of liver problems ) yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), liver injury , which may be fatal , signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , itching
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - signs of infection such as : bleeding from the eyes or chest pain , fever , breathing difficulties as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel hexal if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called seizures , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called seizures , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth or any other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast pain . pain , redness , swelling or irritation in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( rash , hives ), headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever and nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported side effect is rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . these events are more likely to occur in adults . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell , slow heartbeat and sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a very rare side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 people injection site reactions , including rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell or light - headedness . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported side effect is rash , dizziness , headache and fever . the most frequently reported side effect was 7 . 5 % of these undesirable effects were headache , dizziness and fever were reported . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): generalised rash , generally feeling unwell and sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 7 patients in 7 ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most frequently reported side effects are 7 below : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported side effect is rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most frequently reported side effects in adolescents aged 7 to 7 years . the side effects listed below have occurred in a few days or weeks after 7 days . the side effects listed below have occurred with h1n1 as03 - containing vaccine . undesirable effects where the frequency is not known are : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache and fever . these events were more likely to occur in adults . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell or tightness in chest pain and / or feeling unwell . if you experience an allergic reaction to immunogam , you should consult your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most frequently reported side effects in adolescents aged 7 to 7 years . the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after 7 days . in addition , the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after 7 days . the side effects listed below have occurred with h1n1 as03 - containing vaccines : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache , fever and nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported side effect is rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most frequently reported side effects in adolescents aged 7 to 7 years . the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after 7 days . in addition , the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after 7 days . the side effects listed below have occurred with h1n1 as03 - containing vaccines : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache and fever . the most frequently
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; breathing difficulties ; - fever ; - sweating ; - lightheadedness or infection ( common ): - respiratory tract infections ( including abscess and tb ) - fever ; - low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( neutropenia , a type of white blood cell ) - low number of platelets ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia , bleeding or bleeding ) - red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - bleeding under the skin - bleeding under the skin - bleeding under the skin - rapid weight loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a fever , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - herpes infection - infection in the lungs - back pain - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - changes in the levels of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - high blood pressure - bronchitis - pneumonia - shortness of breath - chest pain - bleeding in the stomach or intestines - diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn - mouth ulcers ( hives ) - itchy skin - change in the way things taste - feeling like low blood pressure - hot flush - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired - passing more water than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired - passing more water than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired - passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - abscess - warm - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - abscess - warm - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - abscess - hot flush - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - abscess - warm - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - abscess - warm - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - abscess - warm - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - abscess - warm - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - abscess - warm - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure - low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop taking rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of an infusion - related reaction during or shortly after the last dose . the most common side effect ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) reported in patients treated with placebo . the side effects listed below have been observed with rasagiline_mylan : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle spasms aching muscles ( myalgia ) numbness or tingling abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ) decreased appetite abnormal dreams abnormal dreams confusion headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) skin irritation ( dermatitis ) sensation of numbness or pain in the arms and / or legs ( may be signs of peripheral oedema ) joint swelling ( oedema ) muscle spasms ( myalgia ) muscle spasms ( myalgia ) numbness or pain in the hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) weight decreased increases in appetite uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , low blood pressure swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) post-marketing pupil reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , tired , tingling or numbness . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): abdominal pain , eczema , increased sweating , night sweats , blood in urine , kidney problems , scarring of the veins , fluid around the ear , loss of voice , buzzing , numbness , tingling , prickling , prickling , migraine , migraine , vertigo , double vision , loss of hearing , buzzing , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , cold sores , inflammation , problems with sensation , indigestion , bloating , heart burn , dry mouth , abdominal pain , indigestion , vomiting . increased blood levels of bleeding , bruising , asthma . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of severe allergic reactions , such as wheezing , breathing difficulties or symptoms , which may be symptoms of breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint , dizziness or breathing problems , which may be symptoms of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction , which may include breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint or low blood pressure ( symptoms may include : - breathing problems , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure ) - dizziness , breathing difficulties or low blood pressure . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea and flatulence . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - increased heart rate - nose bleed - vomiting - acid reflux not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash , itching of the skin - abnormal blood test results for sugar - sugar in the urine - allergic reactions - breathing difficulties - wheezing - chest pain - low blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : fever and / or tightness in the chest . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : skin rash , blisters or peeling of the skin over your whole body . these could be signs of an allergic reaction ( see above ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if you experience a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever and feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high level of cholesterol in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain , and rash . the side effects listed below have been observed with axumin : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): pain or pain when passing urine these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): pain or pain when passing urine these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . if you get any of these side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , visual disturbance , back pain , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , asthma , nose bleeds , inflammation or pain , redness , swelling , itching , decreased appetite , decreased sexual drive , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , blurred vision , burning sensation , chest pain or swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , abnormal breathing , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , increased liver enzymes , abnormal blood test results , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , feeling of burning in the chest , feeling of burning in the chest , increased sensitivity to light , burning sensation , chest pain or swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , abnormal breathing , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry mouth , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal liver function , abnormal blood test results , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood sugar , increased blood pressure , increased sweating , dry eye , increased sweating , chest pain , swelling of the extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , abnormal breathing , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry mouth , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal liver function , abnormal blood test results , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood pressure , burning sensation , chest pain , swelling_of_the_extremities swelling of the extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry mouth , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal liver function , abnormal blood test results , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood pressure , burning sensation , chest pain , swelling_of_the_extremities swelling of the face , muscle pain , joint pain or swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry mouth , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal liver function , abnormal blood test results , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood sugar , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , difficulties in breathing , chest pain , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood pressure , increased sweating , loss of taste , increased sensitivity to touch , chest pain , swelling of the extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry mouth , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal liver function , abnormal blood test results , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood pressure , burning sensation , chest pain , swelling_of_the_extremities swelling of the extremities , muscle pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and see a doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , chills , sweating , breathing problems , dizziness or light - headedness , - fast heartbeat , as these may be signs of urinary tract infection . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of low blood sugar may include shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . 75 a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin may cause low blood sugar , shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or other changes in your mood feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . 75 75 if you have signs of low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in vision or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in vision or loss of taste . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar : common : sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in vision or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in vision or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar : common : sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in vision or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell , fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell , fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell , fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell , fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell , fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell , fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell , fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell , fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), decreased appetite , change in blood pressure , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , 28 , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ) at injection site , pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , 28 , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) hypotension ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness with symptoms such as flushing , rash , feeling hot , swelling , discomfort and feeling hot reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) hypotension ( a type of allergic reaction ) with symptoms such as rash , dry skin , acne , swelling feeling hot , swelling or discomfort . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) hypotension allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , dry skin , acne , swelling feeling hot reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects stop taking mvasi and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction to bevacizumab , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as : difficulty breathing or chest pain . you could also have a reaction to some such as a rash , chills or shivering , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . if you experience difficulty in breathing or chest_pain , 65 or other organisms - you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause you to shivering - chills or shivering - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you develop difficulty in breathing or 65 - 65 - host medicines ( e . g . cancer and / or bevacizumab ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling , tenderness , pain or discomfort in your arms and legs , decreased number of red cells in the blood , lack of energy , changes in the colour of urine , - muscle cramps or joint , - muscle cramps , - thirst , - thirst , - thirst , - a fall in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) - tiredness ( sores of the mouth , mouth , tongue or throat ), or painful , difficulty swallowing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest pain , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . other side effects when taking bevacizumab and chemotherapy are : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including serious sudden life - threatening allergic reactions ( e . g . difficulty in breathing , chest pain , low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure - worsening of a kidney problem when bevacizumab is used alone or in combination with cancer or other cancer . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , with difficulty breathing or chest pain ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - a reaction where the patch is used alone or in combination with chemotherapy . - cancer and cancer in patients treated with cancer in combination with cancer . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections including life - threatening vision ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , difficulty breathing , chest pain ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) other side effects when taking bevacizumab and chemotherapy are : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including serious sudden life - threatening allergic reactions ( e . g . difficulty in breathing , chest pain , low blood pressure ) - loss of hair - darkening of the skin - a change in the colour of your skin to sunlight reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : - blood clots in the veins , which can increase your risk of infection . - signs of infection such as fever , chills , rapid breathing , pulmonary hypertension , respiratory arrest , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular heartbeat , rapid pulse , rapid breathing , or fluid in the chest , or swelling . your doctor may tell you to tell your doctor immediately if you develop a serious allergic reaction , such as fever , chills , breathlessness , cough , heart attack , coughing and coughing up blood , which may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be life - threatening or life - threatening infections such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , arm or leg pain , muscle spasm or muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness which may be a sign of a serious infection called " sepsis " which causes a build - up of fluid in the lungs , which may be accompanied by fever , chills or rapid breathing , which may be signs of lung infection - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular heartbeat , deep breathing , rapid breathing , or fluid in the chest , swelling or swelling in your legs . your doctor may tell you to stop taking tecartus . your doctor may give you other medicines to help reduce these symptoms . - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone or joint pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness which may be caused by a infection of the lung , which may be life - threatening or fatal . - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - heart rhythm problems including nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , rapid breathing , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( cytokine release syndrome ). - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone or joint pain , muscle spasm ( common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness which may be caused by a infection of the lung , which may be life - threatening or fatal ( a condition in which the immune system attacks the body ); symptoms may include : fever , chills , rapid breathing , respiratory tract infection , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , blood in your chest , fluid in the lungs , swelling or swelling in your legs or arms , as these may be signs of a serious infection called " sepsis " ( pulmonary embolism ). - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone or joint pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness which may be caused by a infection of the lung , which may be life - threatening or fatal . - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - heart rhythm problems including nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , rapid breathing , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( cytokine release syndrome ). - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone or joint pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness which may be caused by a infection of the lung , which may be life - threatening or fatal . - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - heart rhythm problems including nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , rapid breathing , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( cytokine release syndrome ). - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone or joint pain , muscle spasm ( common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness which may be caused by a infection of the lung , which may be life - threatening or fatal . - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - heart rhythm problems including nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , rapid breathing , which may be signs of fluid accumulation in the lungs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including hives , itching , rash , blistering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). flu - like frequency is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced drowsiness , stomach ache and stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced drowsiness , stomach ache and stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced drowsiness , stomach ache and stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced drowsiness , stomach ache and stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness , itching , bruising or swelling ) have been reported . if you have a temperature of a condition called a hypersensitivity reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you have any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and throat , hives , itchy or itchy skin 43 the following side effects have been observed with xultophy : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , swelling , bruising , swelling and / or swelling ) at the infusion site may occur . these are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . a decrease in the amount of sugar in your blood , which can make you feel faint upon standing . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat , as these may be signs of an infection ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ) if you have a rash , redness , swelling , bleeding or bruising more easily , you should tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of bleeding , or bruising . these can be a sign of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( a rare severe infection which may be life - threatening ) if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , swelling , bruising , swelling and / or swelling ) at the infusion site may occur . these are usually mild to moderate and often go away within a few days without a few weeks . if they do not disappear , or if they happen after using glucagon . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , itching or peeling of the skin , or blistering of the skin and / or mucous membranes . these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). - if you develop a rash , itching your skin or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of treatment , you should contact your doctor before you start treatment . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness or itching ( conjunctivitis ) nasal congestion . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , increased blood sugar levels . low blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , itching , dry skin , pain , inflammation and inflammation ( non - procedural illness ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or get medical help immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath or rash . the side effects described below have been observed with orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , pain , pain in the eyes , loss of appetite , nausea and increased liver enzymes in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , cough , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal rash , abdominal pain , rash , raised liver enzymes in the blood . increased liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash , raised liver enzymes in the blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) rash , redness and pain in the joints increase of certain enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , ear discomfort . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - allergic reactions - dizziness - rash - itchy skin - hives ( allergic reactions ) - rash - 78 if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( very rare ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). symptoms include rash , itching , heart attack , rapid heart rate , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness or heart_attack , symptoms of low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness , and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems "). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under ' blood clotting problems "). serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of serious allergic reaction . this side effect is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people serious allergic reactions ( thromboembolic reactions ). ohss may cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under ' blood clotting problems "). serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of serious allergic reaction . this side effect is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people serious allergic reactions ( thromboembolic reactions ). signs of which may include chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under ' blood clotting problems "). serious side effects in men this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop using this medicine and call your doctor immediately . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : skin and allergic reactions such as swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , itchy , bumpy rash , red spots on the skin , or a small number of cases , life - threatening allergic reactions , or life - threatening allergic skin reaction that can be life threatening . if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , or a swollen area of the skin and / or mucous membranes . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , gallstones , irritation and / or ulcers in the mouth , decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( e . g . low level of blood platelets , low blood sugar ), low blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar low blood sugar , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood sugar low blood pressure , anxiety , depression , anxiety , dizziness , abnormal sensation in the skin , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), double vision , double vision , double vision , problems with balance or balance , pain or inflammation in the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , blurred vision , double vision , double vision , ringing in the ears , vertigo , ear pain , ringing in the ears , vertigo , inflammation of the veins in the eye , constipation , indigestion , inflammation of the stomach , inflammation of the pancreas , enlarged liver , enlarged liver , gallstones , joint inflammation , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using mvabea and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : - pain , swelling , redness , swelling or pain at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching ( very common ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - warmth , swelling , pain , itching , warmth or swelling at the injection site . - injection site reactions ( warmth , swelling , pain ) at the injection site ( such as warmth , swelling or itching at the injection site ). - warmth . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) shaking ( feeling dizzy , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles ) generally feeling of being unwell . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin_problems may cause feeling dizzy , feeling of weakness , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints . these symptoms usually disappear within a couple of hours or days . talk to a doctor or nurse if any effects become troublesome or last more than 59 . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - liver problems - difficulty swallowing - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - itching of the skin ( pruritus ) - itching of the skin ( pruritus ) - itching ( pruritus ) - discharge under the skin ( discharge under the skin ) - feeling anxious or feeling faint - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - a decrease in the amount of phosphate in the blood - a reduction in the numbers of platelets in your blood ( which can make you more prone to infection ) - heart attack ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in up to 1 in 100 patients treated with this medicine . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking this medicine and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the signs above . other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) respiratory infection ( urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , slow heart rate , breathlessness , breathlessness , shortness of breath , rapid heartbeat , and blurred vision . these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or breathlessness . talk to your doctor if you get any of the following side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , slow heart rate , breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , faster heart rate and breathlessness . your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine . additional side effects in adults very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , slow heart rate , breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , faster heart rate and breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , faster heart rate and breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , faster heart rate . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat ( torsade de pointes ) breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , breathlessness , and / or breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , stop with this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - wheezing or other signs of pneumonia such as : - fever or chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore or raised , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( this may be a sign of a serious infection of the lung or the airways ) - blurred vision 37 if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - you may need urgent medical attention : fever or chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( copd ) - the signs may include : blurred vision 37 - blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported . if you develop a rash , hives , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ) and flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . itching , swelling , and / or pain ) have been reported . if you notice a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) or flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . itching , swelling , and / or pain ) at the injection site ( irritation , irritation , bruising or bleeding ) at the injection site may occur . these usually irritation , such as irritation , bruising , bleeding or pain . the injection site can be avoided by changing the injection site , such as irritation , bruising or bleeding . this can be a sign of a low level of some white blood cells ( neutropenia ) an increase in the level of some liver enzymes a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) shown in a blood test an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood ( an enzyme found mainly in the blood ) antibiotic shown in a blood test for an enzyme called creatinine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given , irritation , bruising or bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get a low level of a certain type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( called creatinine ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given irritation or bruising due to low blood platelets a low level of phosphate in the blood an increase in the level of fat in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( called creatinine ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given irritation or bruising due to low blood platelets a low level of phosphate in the blood an increase in the level of fat in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( called creatinine ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given irritation or bruising due to low blood platelets a low level of phosphate in the blood an increase in the level of fat in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( called creatinine ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given irritation or bruising due to low blood platelets a low level of phosphate in the blood an increase in the level of fat in your blood an increase in the level
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( e . g . pain_in_limb ), headache , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), dizziness , drowsiness , feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal blurred vision , double vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain_in_limb . sore throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , difficulty in controlling , loss of reflexes , increased sensitivity to noise , increased blood pressure , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you should stop taking xadago and see a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): − pneumonia ( which may cause difficulty in breathing , feeling weak , fast heartbeat , sweating , fever , muscle stiffness , sweating , dizziness or fainting ). these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you notice any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . the most frequently occurring side effects are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , headache , muscular weakness , 31 back pain , joint pain , pain in extremities , back pain , weakness , fatigue , bruising , falling , cold sweat , feeling cold , cramps or injury , high blood sugar ( hypotension ), increased blood sugar ( hypotension ), stiffness or injury . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( fits ), rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( fits ), rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( fits ), rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( fits ), rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) hypotension ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing or breathing , chest pain ) and these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash or other side effects that occur when you take prednisone and see a doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe infections ( including sepsis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) heart failure : chest pain ( which may be due to a heart attack or abnormal heart rhythm ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ) palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) heart rhythm problems ( qt prolongation ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) chest pain rapid heart rate ( palpitations ) low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations can cause rapid heart rate heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations can cause rapid heart rate heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart beat palpitations chest pain low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations can cause rapid heart rate heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate heart failure palpitations fast heart beat palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations low blood pressure heart rhythm problems palpitations ( fast heart rate ) heart attack heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart failure heart attack chest pain rapid heart rate palpitations heart rhythm problems heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during hefiya and occasionally after treatment has stopped and can be serious . angioedema ( a serious allergic reaction ), including elevated levels of liver enzymes in the blood , which may lead to dermatomyositis . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with hefiya . stop taking hefiya and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells low blood measurements for white blood cells low blood measurements for white blood cells low blood measurements for platelets increased blood potassium increased uric acid levels in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood measurements for white blood cells low blood measurements for platelets increased blood potassium increased uric acid levels in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low blood potassium uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) raised blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience inflammation at the infusion site , such as blisters , itching , sickness , nausea , tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure , which may make you feel angina or have a quickened heartbeat . these could be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . you may have a serious infection such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . tell your doctor immediately , or go to the emergency department at your nearest hospital . you may need to stop applying a allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : chills or other signs of an infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). nausea : if you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). 38 or bacteria ( common ), if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking silodosin_recordati and see a doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling dizzy or weak common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose and common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea dry mouth uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea dry mouth difficulties in getting or keeping an erection faster heart rate allergic reaction affecting the skin like rash , itching , hives and rash caused by a medicine abnormal results of liver function tests low blood pressure rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast or irregular heart beats ( palpitations , fainting or loss of consciousness ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very fast heartbeat ( palpitations ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , somnolence ( somnolence ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting and itching . these side effects usually occur with the first intravenous . some some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) and upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): high level of sugar in the blood , difficulty in sleeping , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug reaction , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness . increased blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis , sepsis . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty sleeping , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or increased thirst . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis ( a type of sepsis ) and sepsis ( type of muscle tissue ) and associated blood creatine phosphokinase increase . prevalence is significantly higher in japanese patients when compared to non - japanese patients . telmisartan in patients taking telmisartan alone the following additional side effects have been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , somnolence , somnolence , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting and itching . some patients have had the following side effects while taking kinzalmono and a sulphonylurea : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience any symptoms of your blood pressure , stop taking afstyla and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as : - swelling of the face , tongue , or throat - wheezing - difficulty in breathing - dizziness - hives - low blood pressure which may make you feel treatment or have short of breath at night . - if you have any of the following symptoms after your treatment with afstyla has finished , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor antibodies ( inhibitors ) in patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ´ s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bleeding . dizziness at the injection site ( these do not occur as well as injection site rotation ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - chills , - severe bleeding or bleeding , - anaemia , - anaemia , - red blood cells , - fever , - high blood pressure , - fever , - reduced blood platelets , - fever , - high blood pressure , - fever , - reduced number of white blood cells , - fever , - high blood pressure , - fever , - reduced number of some white blood cells , fever or looking pale ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells , fever , or a high temperature . this may indicate a reduction in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - problems with your nerves such as bleeding or bleeding , - loss of appetite , - weakness , - shortness of breath , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with or without bluish skin - like symptoms , which may indicate a sore throat or a sore throat , vomiting or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever - decreased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - reduction in blood platelets , which can make you more prone to bleeding or bleeding - anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells ) - fever - decrease in the number of platelets in your blood , which may make you more prone to bleeding or bleeding - loss of appetite , weakness , shortness of breath , or weakness - shortness of breath , swelling of the feet or ankles , trouble sleeping , bowel or haemorrhoids , haemorrhoids - dry mouth , deafness - tingling or numbness of the hands or soles of your feet - earache - hot flushes - symptoms of a low level of blood platelets , which may make you more prone to bleeding or bleeding - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - weakness , shortness of breath , blistering of the mouth , double vision or bowel , haemorrhoids - dry mouth - deafness - dry mouth - symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( severe rash , skin_swelling , palms of the hands or soles of the feet ) or swelling of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause ulcers of the mouth and throat , which may cause ulcers of the mouth , skin_swelling or other parts of the body - severe stomach pain , vomiting and diarrhoea . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever - decreased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - reduction in blood platelets , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or looking pale ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - reduction in the number of blood platelets , which may cause you to have increased bleeding ( for example , bleeding , pain ) - loss of appetite , weakness , shortness of breath , bleeding from the stomach or bowel , double vision , haemorrhoids , dry mouth - symptoms of a low level of some white blood cells , fever or looking pale ( see above ) - a decrease in the levels of some specific types of white blood cells , neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever - increase in blood pressure ( hypertension ) - a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood ( which can cause you to have increased bruising or bleeding ) - loss of appetite - weakness , shortness of breath , blistering of the mouth , double vision or bowel , haemorrhoids - dry mouth , deafness - dry mouth , deafness - dry mouth - symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( serious allergic reaction ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - mouth ulcers - vomiting - diarrhoea other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes and hives tell your doctor immediately if you experience serious allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( difficulty in breathing or angina ) stop taking cialis and contact a doctor immediately if you experience sudden loss of vision ( frequency rare ). if you experience sudden loss of vision ( frequency not known ) stop taking cialis and contact your doctor immediately if you experience sudden loss of vision . the frequency of this side effect is based on the following frequencies : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - headache common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - dizziness - sensation of rapid heartbeat ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleed - indigestion - feeling sick ( being sick ) - vomiting - reflux of stomach - blurred vision - eye pain - difficulty in breathing - blood in urine - rapid heartbeat - water retention - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleeds - ringing in the ears - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet - feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - stroke - loss of taste - swelling of the face - red eyes - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) not known - frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - abnormal blood clotting tests - increased sweating - heart attack - stroke - sudden swelling of the face and throat - serious allergic reactions which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . mouth ulcers , low blood pressure ) - stroke - sudden swelling of the face and throat - serious allergic reactions which may cause migraine , swelling of the face and throat , serious allergic reactions , including difficulty in breathing or stroke . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - stroke - loss of taste - swelling of the face and / or throat - red blood in the urine - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy eyes ( hives ) not known - frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - blood in the urine - increased sweating not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - stroke - swelling of the face and throat - serious allergic reactions , including difficulty breathing or eyes swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary hypertension ) - partial loss of vision - stroke - sudden swelling of the face - serious allergic reaction which causes migraine , swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reactions which causes migraine , difficulty in breathing or eyes - this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - migraine , swelling of the face and throat , serious allergic reactions , including difficulty in breathing or stroke , as this may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - migraine and swelling of the face , serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or eyes stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . - sudden loss of vision ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - sudden decrease or loss of vision in one or both eyes has been reported . other side effects include : - migraine , swelling of the face and throat , serious allergic reactions , including difficulty in breathing or stroke . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , stroke or passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), - hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , - increased sweating , heart attack , stroke and sudden cardiac death . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : - migraine , swelling of the face and throat , serious allergic reactions , including difficulty in breathing or eyes , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - migraine , swelling of the face and throat , serious allergic reactions which may include migraine , swelling of the face or serious
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia is a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 10 people . symptoms of hypoglycaemia are : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - symptoms include headache , drowsiness , nausea , muscle aches , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - runny nose - constipation - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - tiredness - increased appetite , trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - feeling tired ( tired ) - weakness , fatigue , bruising , bleeding , swelling or a hard lump ( haematoma ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - infection ( infection ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) - infection of the lung ( blocked nose ) - sore throat - bleeding_gums ( nosebleeds ) - nosebleeds - raised and itchy rash ( urticaria ) - changes in the colour of the skin ( urticaria ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - shaking - fainting - a fall in blood pressure on standing up ( e . g . swollen face , lips , tongue or throat ) - swollen lymph glands ( urticaria ) - difficulties in getting or maintaining an erection - erectile dysfunction uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - shaking - fainting - a reaction at the site of the application ( such as burning sensation ) - swollen face and throat ( urticaria ) - difficulties in swallowing ( dysphagia ) - kidney problems - abnormal kidney function tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions - shaking - fainting - a reaction at the injection site ( such as burning sensation , swollen face , lips , tongue and / or throat ) - urticaria ( difficulties in passing urine ) - urinary tract infection - vaginal irritation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions - shaking - fainting - a reaction at the site of the application ( such as cold , inflamed nose or throat ) - urticaria ( difficulties in passing urine ) - urinary tract infection - vaginal irritation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions - shaking - fainting - a reaction at the site of the application ( such as cold , inflamed nose , throat or tongue ) - urticaria ( difficulties in swallowing ) - kidney disorders - abnormal kidney function tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions - shaking - fainting - a reaction at the site of the injection - change in your sense of taste - change in the colour of your skin ( urticaria ) - difficulties in passing urine ( urinary retention ) - kidney problems - disturbed sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) - injection site reactions ( including redness , pain , swelling and a hard lump ) - symptoms of high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( anaphylactic shock ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome , which can cause difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome , which can cause difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome , which can cause difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions - shaking or fainting - a reaction where the injection is given - too high or low calcium levels in the blood - reddening of the skin ( urticaria ) - difficulties in passing urine ( urinary retention ) - kidney problems - abnormal kidney function tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions - shaking or fainting - a reaction where the injection is given ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - constipation common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - low blood pressure - runny or stuffy nose - skin rash - sneezing - cough - abdominal pain - constipation - indigestion - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - muscle pain - muscle pain - rash - reduced sense of touch - oedema ( swelling and swelling ) in the back of the mouth and the iris - heart failure - decreased blood pressure - dry eye - abnormal hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : - corneal oedema ( damage to the front of the clear layer of the eyeball or iris ) - thickening of the gel - like substance under the surface of the eyeball ( the iris ) - thickening of the outer layer of the eyeball or the part of the iris - severe allergic reactions with or without rash - blisters on the skin , irritation of the mouth , mouth , tongue or throat - itchy skin - irritation of the eye - irritation of the eye - irritation of the eyelid - irritation - inflammation of the liver - hair loss - eye irritation - dry skin - abnormal hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in the colour of the adrenal glands ; - damage to the the clear layer of the eyeball or the lining of the eyeball ; - a hole in the inside the anus ; - a hole in the colour of your gut or from the space behind your stomach ; - a burning sensation in the upper part of the eyeball ; - loss of hair ; - irritation in the gel - like substance inside the eye ; irritation of the eyelid ; - irritation ; - hair loss ; - irritation of the eye ; - blurred vision ; - eye pain ; - itchy skin ; - abnormal hair loss ; - hair loss ; - hair loss ; - itchy skin ; - abnormal hair loss or thinning ; - abnormal liver function tests ; - muscle pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in the colour of the adrenal glands ; - damage to the clear layer of the cornea ; - a hole in the inside the anus ; - sudden decrease or loss of vision in the eye ; - swelling of the retina at the back of the eye ; - thickening of the outer layer of the eyelids ; - loss of hair ; - irritation ; - redness of the skin ; - irritation or pain in the front part of the eye ; - sensitivity to light ; - thickening of the outer layer of the eye ; - hair loss ; - hair loss ; - itchy skin ; - abnormal hair loss ; - hair loss ; - hair loss ; - hair loss ; - itchy skin ; - abnormal hair loss ; - increase in liver enzymes ; - muscle pain or swelling of the face ; - abnormal hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in the colour of the adrenal gland ; - damage to the clear layer of the cornea ; - a hole in the inside the anus ; - a hole in the colour of your gut or from the space behind your abdominal cavity - a cyst at the site of entry of a catheter into a vein - collection of fluid around the front of the eye ( conjunctival oedema ) - hair loss ; - irritation or inflammation of the skin ; - hair loss ; eye disorders ; - itchy skin ; - abnormal hair loss ; - hair loss ; - itchy skin ; - abnormal hair loss ; - protein in the urine ; - abnormal liver function tests ; - muscle pain , swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in the colour of the adrenal gland ; - damage to the front of the adrenal glands of the cornea ; - sudden decrease or loss of vision in the eye ; - swelling of the inside of the retina
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), respiratory tract infections ( anaemia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and ulcers of the stomach or intestine . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure , anaemia , low blood platelet count ( bleeding or thrombocytopenia ), cough , shortness of breath , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and discomfort in the abdomen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): loss of hair ( dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood levels of body fat . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure . body discharge . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure . body discharge . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure , abnormal blood test results . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure , abnormal blood test results . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the following : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) muscle problems : asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased_urination , confusion , muscle stiffness , and decreased blood pressure ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , muscle_stiffness , confusion , muscle stiffness , inability to sleep , fainting , blurred vision . increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle twitching , increased eye pressure . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness and increased eye pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar levels ( asthma , shortness of breath , cough and fever ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , muscle_stiffness , muscle stiffness , high blood pressure , fainting , blurred vision . increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle twitching . increased eye pressure . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , muscle_stiffness , muscle twitching , high blood pressure , fainting , blurred vision . increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle twitching . increased eye pressure . other side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ∑ shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , flu - like illness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , muscle twitching , increased fainting , fainting . blurred vision . increased pressure in the eye . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : increased blood sugar , asthma , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , flu - like illness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , muscle twitching , increased fainting , fainting , blurred vision and increased tearing of the eye . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : decreased blood pressure , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , nasal congestion , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased sense of touch , confusion , muscle stiffness , and decreased blood pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar levels ( asthma , shortness of breath , cough or fever ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , muscle twitching , increased fainting , fainting , blurred vision . increased pressure in the eye . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , muscle twitching , abnormal sensation in the eye , fainting . blurred vision . increased pressure in the eye . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ∑ shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , nasal congestion , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( nausea ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( these may thrombocytopenia with thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) - sore throat - runny nose - nosebleeds - dry mouth - raised raised bumps on the skin ( urticaria ) - changes in the colour of the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( haematoma ) - a build - up of fluid in the lungs ( e . g . swollen face , swollen lips , tongue or throat ) - pain in mouth or throat - runny nose - hair loss - hair loss ( alopecia ) - swelling or numbness of the skin ( urticaria ) - rash - changes in blood pressure - haematoma ( rash ) - increased blood pressure - skin flushing - sore throat ( epistaxis ) - difficulty breathing ( epistaxis ) - difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) - chest pain - redness of the skin ( itching ) - itchy skin ( urticaria ) - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - neck pain - diverticulitis ( pain , back pain ) - diverticulitis ( low level of red blood cells ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin site pain - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in your arms and / or legs ( may be signs of a low level of calcium in the blood ) - pain , back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain , back pain ) - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain , back pain ) - diverticulitis ( increased bruising , bruising , haematoma ) - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in the chest - a feeling of pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a low level of calcium in the blood ) - pain , back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain , back pain ) - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain , back pain ) - diverticulitis ( abnormal blood clotting ) - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( pain , back pain ) - diverticulitis (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache , joint pain and dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea stomach pain ( feeling sick ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) stomach pain , abdominal pain vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine ( intestine ) acid reflux ( dysgeusia ) stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) stomach ache ( feeling sick ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) abnormal dreams stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the stomach and intestine ( oesophagus ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness dizziness joint pain ( palpitations ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestine ( oesophagus ) abnormal dreams stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the stomach and intestine ( oesophagus ) dehydration 34 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , which , if you experience weakness , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , chills and weakness , please tell your doctor . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the lung is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you experience flu - like symptoms , followed by chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - interstitial lung disease ( e . g . flu - like symptoms , arthritis , joint swelling , joint swelling , and swelling ) in the legs or arms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting ; - low blood pressure ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause muscle pain and / or swelling - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause rash , itching , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbance , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth , low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , which , if you experience weakness , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - if you experience fever , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - if you experience fever , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - if you experience fever , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh ( stomach ), which may travel to an allergic reaction ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - if you experience fever , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - if you experience fever , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - if you experience fever , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh ( stomach / intestine ), as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ). - if you experience a combination of any of the following , tell your doctor immediately , - if you experience fever , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - interstitial lung disease ( e . g . flu - like symptoms , arthritis , joint swelling , muscular pain and swelling ) in the legs or arms , very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting - low blood pressure which may cause temporary loss of vision . - if you experience muscle weakness , particularly at the application site , rash , itching - high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbance , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth , low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , which , if you experience weakness , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ). - if you experience flu - like symptoms , followed by
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , dizzy , feeling dizzy . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): indigestion 29 increased blood pressure , blood tests showing a decrease in the number of platelets , which may increase your risk of blood clotting or platelets , and increased blood levels of certain enzymes . sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , restlessness , somnolence , fever , decrease in blood pressure , platelets , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning ( restlessness ), feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , not being able to sleep , fear like restlessness , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling anxious , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , not being able to sleep , fear like restlessness , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling anxious , sensation of restlessness , restlessness , feeling sleepy , not being able to sleep , fear more often , fear with dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning ( restlessness ), feeling sleepy , not being able to sleep , fear more often , fear may cause dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning ( restlessness ), feeling sleepy , not being able to sleep , fear more than fear , feeling sleepy or having a spinning sensation ( vertigo ), dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning ( restlessness ), feeling sleepy , not being able to sleep , fear more slowly than normal , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning ( restlessness ), feeling sleepy , not being able to sleep , fear more slowly than normal , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling drowsy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , not being able to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , pain , itching , rash or hives allergic reaction other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose difficulty breathing , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) oral thrush ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat pain when passing urine ( urinary tract infection ) low level of potassium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood common : headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea or vomiting ) pain in muscles , back or muscle , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm difficulty in urination uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat high or low blood pressure chest pain ( hoarseness ) high or low blood pressure low blood pressure low blood pressure low blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain ( nausea ) or heartburn ( flatulence ) pain in the stomach or intestine , muscle pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm difficulty and muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat high or low blood pressure chest pain ( hoarseness ) high or low blood pressure low blood pressure low heart rate high or low blood pressure low blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain ( nausea ) or heartburn ( flatulence ) pain in the stomach or intestine , muscle pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm difficulty and muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat high or low blood pressure cough , high or low blood pressure low blood pressure low heart rate high or low blood pressure low blood pressure swelling or pain in your legs and / or throat ( signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , stomach ache , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ), pain in arms or legs , back pain , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm difficulty and muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat high or low blood pressure chest pain ( hoarseness ) high or low blood pressure low blood pressure low blood pressure swelling or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ), pain in arms or legs , back pain , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm difficulty and muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat high or low blood pressure urinary tract infection hoarseness , high or low blood pressure low blood pressure low blood pressure low blood pressure swelling or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ), pain in arms or legs , back pain , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm difficulty and muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat high or low blood pressure urinary tract infection , hoarseness , high or high blood pressure low blood pressure low blood pressure swelling or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ), pain in arms or legs , back pain , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle twitching and muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat high or low blood pressure cough , high or low blood pressure low blood pressure , low blood pressure upon standing which may cause pain or
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , joint pain , joint pain , blood in the urine , in the urine , in the head or in the head or joints . this may be accompanied by bleeding in the stomach or bowels , caused by clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel_acino_pharma are : common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin_allergy ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) feeling tired , feeling weak , generally feeling unwell , general feeling of being unwell weight loss , increase in liver enzymes in your blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , depression , anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping , headache , dizziness , sleepiness , diarrhoea , indigestion ( feeling sick ), wind ( flatulence ) feeling tired , low blood pressure ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy ( including signs of allergy ) allergy , allergy , inflammation of the veins , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin that may affect up to 1 in 100 people : headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), indigestion , general feeling of being unwell low blood sugar level ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests may show : increased levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the bowel ), which may be a sign of inflammation or inflammation of the lining of the stomach or the oesophagus , bumps or inflammation of the nose , bumps on the skin ( such as bumps on the skin that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), indigestion , general feeling of being unwell ( asthenia ) increased levels of sugar in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood disorders ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin ), bumps on the skin ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), indigestion , general feeling of being unwell ( asthenia ) increased levels of sugar in blood ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): kidney failure , inflammation of the lining of the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the lining of the stomach , inflammation or inflammation of the lining of the nose , bumps on the skin ( seen in blood tests ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ), increased levels of certain enzymes in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy feeling sleepy or dizzy , feeling agitated , abnormal muscle movements , such as tingling or burning sensation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy or dizzy , headache increased sexual drive , increased muscle tension , increased need to pass water ( urine ), increased need to pass water more often than or needing to pass urine more often , dry ears , abnormal muscle movements , feeling dizzy , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling abnormal increase in muscle tension , feeling anxious , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling restless , fast ears reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 37 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( frequency not known ) - peeling of the skin ( frequency not known ) - peeling of the skin ( frequency not known ) - if you have a rash , peeling or peeling of the skin ( frequency not known ) - if you have a rash , peeling or peeling of the skin , or pain at the site of injection . if you get a rash , redness or peeling of the skin , or pain at the site of injection , or pain at the site of injection . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following : - pain , redness or peeling of the skin - inflammation of the mucous membranes of the hand or the hand - pain ( hand - foot ) - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , itching ( pruritus ) - inflammation of the hand ( hand - site ) - muscle pain , muscle weakness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain ( hand - foot ) - pain in the hand and bones ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain where the injection is given - pain in the hand and bones ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching - fever - collection of fluid around the hand ( hand - site ) - neutropenia ( neutropenia ) - liver damage ( alt , neutropenia ) - liver function tests ( alt , ggt ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - the signs may include : fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain where the injection is given - pain in the hand and / or joints ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching - fever - collection of fluid in the joint , including pain in the hand and / or hand - muscle pain , muscle weakness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain ( including pain at the site of the hand and hand ) - other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching - fever - collection of fluid in the joint , including pain in the hand and / or hand - muscle pain , muscle weakness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain ( hand - foot ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching - fever - collection of fluid around the body ( graft - host disease ) - neutropenia ( neutropenia ) - liver function test results ( alt , neutropenia ) - liver function tests ( alt , ggt ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin cancer , including cancer under the skin ( basal cell carcinoma ) - changes in the levels of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel hexal if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications . in addition , blood clots may lead to an increased risk of bleeding . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the above or combination of the following side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until this_medicine ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the mouth ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until rare_side_effect ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the mouth ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until rare_side_effect ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); sensation of sensation of heaviness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness and reactions at the infusion site . the signs may include cough , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , itching , hair loss , loss of memory , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , loss of menstrual periods , inability to pass urine , depression , nervousness , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness and fainting . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness and reactions at the infusion site . the following reactions have been reported with this medicine : cough shortness of breath diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , rash , hair loss , itching , hair loss , loss of memory , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , loss of menstrual periods , inability to pass urine , weight loss , weight loss , decreased appetite , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , sore throat , asthma , rash , hair loss , hair loss , loss of memory , muscle pain or spasm , muscle pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , loss of strength , frequent urination , mood disorder , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness or reactions at the infusion site . the signs may include cough , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , loss of memory , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , back pain , generalised rash . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - loss of appetite , frequent urination , mood changes , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness or reactions at the infusion site . the signs may include cough , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , - loss of memory , - muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , - back pain , - joint pain , - itchy rash ( frequency of frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - loss of weight , decreased urine output , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness or reactions at the infusion site . these can be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction , - cough , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , - loss of memory , - muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , - back pain , - joint pain , - back pain , - itchy rash ( frequency of frequency not known ) - memory loss , frequent urination , frequent urination , mood changes , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness or fainting . these may be signs of a condition called respiratory distress syndrome , runny nose , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat or asthma , - shortness of breath , diarrhoea , bad abdominal movements , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , - loss of memory , - spasm or muscle - muscle pain , joint pain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - swelling of the extremities - loss of memory , frequent urination , depression , nervousness , nervousness , drowsiness , drowsiness , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels in the blood , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , sore throat , asthma ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever - an increase in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching all over - feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - signs of liver problems such as cough , inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( pancreatitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( pancreatitis ) may be signs of pancreatitis ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - pain , itching or fever - signs of liver problems - interstitial lung disease ( pancreatitis ) ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - increase in the amount of diarrhoea - headache - abdominal pain - pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - anaemia ( allergic reactions ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions injection site reactions , injection site pain , itching and rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions injection site pain injection site pain and itching uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness vertigo ( low blood pressure ) light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects in children and adolescents the side effects in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects in children and adolescents the side effects in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects get serious tell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , diarrhoea , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , loss of appetite 50 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath or cough . abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , thinning or aching , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , loss of hair , joint pain 50 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath or cough . abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , thinning or aching , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , loss of hair , joint pain 50 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath or cough . abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , thinning or aching , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , loss of hair , joint pain 50 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath or cough . abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , thinning or aching , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning or loss of hair , joint pain 50 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , respiratory tract infection , decreased respiratory tract , cough , skin infection , increased respiratory activity , cough , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), rash , hives , vomiting , diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability , stroke ( acute respiratory distress syndrome ) allergic reactions with measles - like rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , bruising_under_the_skin , difficulty breathing , inflammation of the lung ( signs include rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing or swallowing ), rash , hives , vomiting , diarrhoea , stroke , irritability , seizures ( fits ) serious allergic reactions with measles - like measles - like rash , skin rash , fever , breathing difficulties , cough , difficulty breathing or cough , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , measles - like rash , joint pain , swelling , redness or pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions with measles - like rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe rash , hives , vomiting , fever , stroke , irritability , seizures and / or seizures ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin , blurred , dizziness or tired . these may be signs of a low blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia) ) or fever . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), fever , with symptoms such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or spitting , severe tiredness , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or spitting , severe tiredness , swelling of your lips , tongue or throat , rash or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing or chest_pain , chest pain or shortness of breath with or without a cough , bloody stools , bloody stools , stomach or abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness ( especially in the blurred , dizziness or tired ). these may be signs of a low blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles or shingles . signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing or spitting breathing , severe tiredness , swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you get any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or spitting , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( symptoms include fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), - shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath , bleeding in the stomach or bowel , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness ( especially in the blurred , dizziness or tired ). these may be signs of a low blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles or shingles . these can be symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or spitting , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( symptoms include fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), - shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath , bleeding in the stomach or bowel , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness ( especially in the blurred , dizziness or tired ). these may be signs of a low blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles or shingles . - signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or swallowing , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( symptoms include fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), - shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath , bleeding in the stomach or bowel , loss of appetite ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth , stuffy nose , sneezing , sore throat or diarrhoea when swallowing ( stomach pain ) 36 the following side effects have been observed with enurev_breezhaler : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth and throat pain , stuffy nose , sneezing , sore throat or diarrhoea when swallowing ( stomach pain ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty or pain when passing urine urine that may be urinary tract infection high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs chest pain pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs chest pain sore throat sneezing sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache diarrhoea stomach pain 36 other side effects are listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience infections at the infusion site , such as blisters , itching , sickness , nausea , tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat irritation , or throat irritation ( itchy , runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations ) heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , wheezing , throat or tongue , headache , increase in blood pressure , low blood pressure and angina , which may be symptoms of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and require urgent medical attention ). - if you develop a fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) or tiredness , low blood pressure , which may make you feel angina or have a quickened heartbeat . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with riximyo . allergic reactions you may develop one or more of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - breathing difficulties - symptoms such as angioedema ( difficulty in breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or hives ) - serious allergic reaction including anaphylactic shock ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing - dizziness - breathing difficulties - itchy skin - hives very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling generally weak and tired ( with or without symptoms ) - a decrease in the levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal test results on liver function - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal laboratory test results on liver function - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal laboratory test results on liver function - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal laboratory test results on liver function - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal test results on how well your liver is working - increase in a type of white blood cells ( platelets ) - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - allergic reactions ( including interstitial lung disease and leakage of the lung ) - leakage of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your lungs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood clot in the lung ( platelets ) - weight loss - dizziness - itchy skin ( hives ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - weight loss - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal test results on how well your liver is working - increase in the amount of some liver enzymes in the blood that may increase the risk of blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - allergic reactions ( including interstitial lung disease and / or leakage of the lung ) - rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your lungs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood clot in the lung ( platelets ) - weight loss - dizziness - itchy skin ( hives ) very common side effects ( may affect more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite inability to sleep ( insomnia ) suicidal thoughts and loss of taste of food . when you are not confident about recognising your warning symptoms , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness feeling confused , drowsy , drowsy , drowsy , tingling , burning sensation or pain at the site of injection , shortness of breath , constipation , diarrhoea , hair loss , rash , dry skin , hair loss , increase or decrease in blood level of some types of white blood cells , redness , swelling or pain in your mouth and throat , abdominal pain , pain_in_the_abdomen , abdominal pain , heartburn , constipation , hair loss , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells ( magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate ) blood tests , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair_loss , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of low level of white blood cells , including magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells include magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test . hair loss , constipation , weakness , feeling cold , pain in your arms or legs , pus , inflammation , inflammation , pain in your arms or legs , low level of blood platelets , weight gain , tiredness , weakness , feeling cold , pain in your arms or legs , pus , inflammation or inflammation of the digestive tract lining , low level of some types of white blood cells , calcium , potassium , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells include magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test . hair loss , constipation , weakness , feeling cold , pain in your arms or legs , pus , inflammation or pain in the mouth , throat or stomach , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , hair loss , loss of hair , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells include magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test . hair loss , constipation , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of low level of white blood cells , including magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair_loss , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of low level of white blood cells , including magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of low level of white blood cells , including magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair_loss , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of low level of white blood cells
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth or any combination of blood clots , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). - sweating or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , death or other signs of infection ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tiredness , difficulty sleeping , tingling or stinging of the surface of the eye , eye redness , swelling or redness of the eyelids , watery eyes , blurred vision , stinging on the surface of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , tiredness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , difficulty breathing , asthma and asthma . severe allergic reactions have been reported . the following side effects have been reported with ganfort : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) phosphates in the centre of the iris ( cornea ), which is the active substance produced by your treatment . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : hives ( nettle skin rash , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening , fever or breathing problems , which may be severe or life - threatening , fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or have difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a fever , or fever , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a rare severe muscle disorder which may be life - threatening ) - loss of appetite - if you notice a cough , fever and a high temperature ( sign of liver problems ). - swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding or other signs of liver problems - if you have a cough , vomiting or a rash that may be accompanied by fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a marked decrease in your blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or bleeding . this may occur regardless of bleeding . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with gefitinib_mylan . - serious allergic reaction : if you notice a marked decrease in your blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of kidney problems ) - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking vomiting and call your doctor as soon as possible . - a serious allergic reaction , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of bleeding . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( protein_in_your_urine ). - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor as soon as possible . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing - this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) or signs of bleeding : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( protein_in_your_urine ). - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor as soon as possible . - swelling of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your mouth or your throat - in your stomach or gut - into your mouth or vagina - severe stomach pain - severe constipation - vomiting - a rash with fever - yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - a rare severe muscle disorder ( perforation of the blood vessels in the skin ) - bleeding or bruising - blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in the veins ( the large bowel area that can affect your lungs , oesophagus or stomach ), - severe stomach pain , severe diarrhoea , vomiting or a severe , life - threatening allergic reaction ( which may include fever , breathing problems , pain , redness or blisters on the surface of the skin ) - loss of appetite ( oedema ) - inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in the veins of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath , fainting , dizziness or fainting , blurred vision , rashes , burning , pain or pain at the infusion site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - headache - dizziness - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired or blurred vision ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection where the injection was given - blurred vision - burning or pain at the injection site - blood in the urine common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to fluid retention - change in body temperature - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision , pain due to a build - up of fluid in your body - loss of body fluid in your lungs ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to nerve damage - blood in the urine common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to nerve damage - blood clots in parts of your body ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - the thyroid gland does not work properly ( urinary tract ) - blurred vision . tell your doctor if you get any of the side effects listed above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection . - blurred vision . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - urinary tract infection . - blurred vision . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following side effects : heart problems : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) your doctor may tell you to stop taking fotivda . if you experience symptoms such as heart failure , shortness of breath , coughing or confused , difficulty speaking or understanding others , rapid heart rate or bleeding , blood clots in your veins , especially in the mouth ( symptoms include tremors , confusion , blindness , rapid pain or swelling , shortness of breath or rapid heart beat ). these may be signs of a blood clot in the artery of your body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . symptoms include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . symptoms include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . symptoms include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . symptoms include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . symptoms include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking stribild and see a doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening and need urgent medical attention . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . lactic 52 is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening and need urgent medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : muscle_weakness * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you experience drowsiness , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) or being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ). your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with your treatment . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of inflammation or infection , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) or being sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) loss of appetite ( anorexia ) 52 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , tiredness and stomach ache allergic reactions such as drowsiness , feeling jittery uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , tiredness and other flu like illness allergic reactions ( drowsiness , feeling confused ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , tiredness and cold ulcers ( signs of allergic reactions ) drowsiness , feeling jittery uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , tiredness and cold ulcers ( signs of allergic reactions ) drowsiness , feeling jittery uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , tiredness and cold ulcers ( signs of allergic reactions ) drowsiness , feeling jittery uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) difficulty breathing ( feeling very thirsty ) when switching from a lying or sitting position , pain in arms or legs , bone pain and / or bone pain ( fractures ) muscle pain , muscle weakness or decreases in potassium or phosphate in the blood . other possible side effects the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be due to a drop in blood pressure ). other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in decreases_in_potassium_or_phosphate_in_the_blood appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating and sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , joint and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating and sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - muscle pain - vomiting - constipation - abdominal pain - discomfort or discomfort in your arms and / or legs - pain in the arms or legs - swelling in the legs - swelling - pain , redness or swelling ( usually caused by exercise ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions including rash , dryness , twitches or numbness of the skin , numbness or tingling in your mouth , seizures , confusion , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a high level of sugar in the blood ( qt prolongation ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - symptoms of difficulty breathing , wheezing , redness , swelling , pain and / or swelling of the legs and ankles , which may be signs of a low level of some blood cells . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking ambirix and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : cough , fever or chills , severe skin reactions , as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you experience loss of consciousness , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you experience loss of consciousness , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , as this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , if you notice any of the following , you or the child may need urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness at the injection site feeling tired , chills , fever . reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). thrombocytopenia ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain and redness where the injection is given feeling tired , chills , fever . reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). this is common in children . a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( bleeding or bruising ). thrombocytopenia ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients treated with ambirix . pain and redness at the injection site . feeling tired or chills . reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . pain and redness at the injection site . feeling tired or chills . reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). this is common in children . reduction in blood platelets which can result in bleeding or bruising . thrombocytopenia ( a build - up of fluid in the tissues , which may be associated with pain , armpit , pain and burning pain ). if you notice your skin pitting or thickening at the injection site , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for allergic reactions : allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions which may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be caused by an injection - related reaction . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including blisters , peeling , hardness , diarrhoea , nausea , loss of appetite ) hair loss ( alopecia ) injection site reactions at the injection site , such as pain , headache , sleepiness , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , crying , sleepiness , coughing , loss of appetite , crying , sleepiness , coughing . allergic reactions such as rash , itchy skin , fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions which may include severe swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( including difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness . these symptoms usually occur within a few days to a few weeks . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be difficulty with breathing or swallowing ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions which may include a severe allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction to bexsero . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be due to loss of consciousness , contact your doctor . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be difficulty breathing or swallowing ), which may be due to loss of consciousness , contact your doctor . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be due to loss of consciousness , contact your doctor . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be due to loss of consciousness , contact your doctor . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be difficulty breathing or swallowing ), which may be due to loss of consciousness , contact your doctor . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be due to loss of consciousness , contact your doctor . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing chills or back_pain back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of docetaxel teva pharma the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above weight gain loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed with other chemotherapeutic agents . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above weight gain loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) injection site reactions such as itching , muscle aches or pains , back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness , or flu - like symptoms weight gain , weight gain or loss these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above weight gain loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed with other medicines containing other agents . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the stomach or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( anxiety ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache insomnia ( high blood pressure ) constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , flatulence ( wind ), constipation , rash ( acid reflux ), flatulence ( flatulence ), abdominal pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash feeling unwell , high blood pressure , anxiety reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - low blood pressure and disorder - disorder of the blood vessels in the lung . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - blood clots in the veins ( uncommon side effect , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - wheezing - difficulty breathing - coughing - pruritis - rash - itching - pruritis - flushing - headache - low blood pressure - wheezing - difficulty breathing - coughing - wheezing - difficulty_breathing - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood pressure - nausea - rash - itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - flushing - flushing - headache - low blood pressure - wheezing - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the injection site - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - flushing - flushing - hives - hives - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - flushing - flushing - hives - hives - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - flushing - flushing - flushing - hives - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - flushing - flushing - flushing - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of the following severe dizziness , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - dizziness - fainting - loss of consciousness where the injection was given - rash , hives , wheals ( where the injection is given ) - rash - hives - wheals ( urticaria ) where the injection was given such as rash , hives , wheals ( where the injection is given ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) other side effects that have been reported are listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - dizziness - fainting - loss of consciousness where the injection was given - rash , hives , wheals ( where the injection is given ) - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following serious side effects - heart problems such as : - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting , as these may be signs of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome . the chance of having a side effect is described by the following categories : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - drowsiness ( fatigue ), - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - breast pain ( arthralgia ) - tiredness - headache - diarrhoea - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , skin rash , hives ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) infection of the nose , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) infection of the nose and throat ( angioedema ) infection of the nose , throat or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) runny nose cold sores ( stomatitis ) runny or blocked nose fungal infections of the nose or throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) runny nose ( oropharyngeal pain ) high blood sugar levels uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ) feeling sick ( nausea ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) drowsiness , dizziness and paralysis of the skin and food pipe . these symptoms may be signs of lactic acidosis : if you experience kidney injury ( kidneys ) or kidney problems such as hepatitis or liver function test , such as hepatitis and liver allergic reaction ( such as hepatitis ). liver injury such as hepatitis or liver failure , such as hepatitis or liver failure , such as hepatitis or liver problems such as hepatitis and liver failure , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , such as hepatitis or liver injury , which may be fatal . signs of liver problems such as hepatitis or liver failure , such as hepatitis or liver injury , which may be fatal . signs of liver problems such as hepatitis or liver failure , such as hepatitis or liver failure , which may be fatal . signs of liver problems such as hepatitis or liver failure , such as hepatitis or liver failure , which may be fatal . signs of liver problems such as hepatitis or liver failure , such
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a blood clot in the lung ( disappears ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache and nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abdominal pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the lungs , also known as pulmonary oedema ) nausea , abdominal pain , allergic reactions ( including hives and urticaria ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( such as anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face ( lips and / or tongue ), which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( e . g . miscarriage , swelling , hives ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( such as anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face ( lips , tongue and / or throat ), which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma ( urticaria ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) difficulty breathing with swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience a reaction at the infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat tightness , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , low blood pressure and angina , which may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low red blood cell count ( can make you feel dizzy or have a quickened heartbeat ). these could be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low red blood cell count ( can make you feel dizzy or have a quickened heartbeat ). these could be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low number of all types of blood cells ( angina ) or blood clots , feeling dizzy , light - headedness , changes in duct colour , change in vision including unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , or other problems with your eyes . signs of low blood pressure may include chest tightness , wheezing , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , heart attack , heart attack , low blood pressure , heart attack , heart attack , low blood pressure , heart attack , heart attack , low blood pressure , heart attack , heart attack , low blood pressure , heart attack , heart attack , low blood pressure , heart attack , heart attack , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , tightening of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure upon standing which may lead to wheezing low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure upon standing which may lead to wheezing low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up which may lead to fast_heart_rate_high_or_low_blood_pressure high blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up which may lead to fast_heart_rate_high_or_low_blood_pressure high blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing up which may lead to wheezing low blood pressure upon standing ( orthostatic hypotension ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure nasal congestion shortness of breath with activity or upon lying down or low need to urinate , low blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get symptoms such as rash , itching , hives , face or tongue swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , light - headedness , or light - headedness . other possible side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - an increase in the number of platelets ( which can cause symptoms of tiredness , skin_rash , skin rash , skin rash , runny nose , diverticulitis ) - low white blood cell count ( shown in blood tests ) - low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) - leucopenia - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - cellulitis ( inflammation of the front part of the eye ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - increased liver enzymes reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is a common side effect that may affect up to side_effect in 10 , 000 people . - signs of infection such as : bleeding from the mouth or the mouth , fever , breathing difficulties as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel hexal if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called seizures , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , with a red rash or raised bumps like a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , with a red rash or raised bumps or like a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , with or without difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness , swelling or pain in your arms and / or legs - increase in blood levels of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy with a drop in the number of a type of white blood cells called allergy - a type of white blood cells which can make you feel sudden_swelling_of_your_lips or like allergy - rapid weight gain - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe pain in your mouth and / or throat - severe pain in your mouth and / or throat - severe pain in the abdomen and / or throat - severe pain in the abdomen and / or throat , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site as these can be signs of a low level of blood platelets , which may require treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with fetcroja . - infusion - related reactions ( including symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and swelling ) due to fluid retention . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with fetcroja . there and symptoms include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site as these may be signs of a low level of blood platelets . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with fetcroja . there and symptoms include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site as these may be signs of a low level of blood platelets . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with fetcroja . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with fetcroja . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice symptoms such as pain , redness or swelling around the infusion site as these can be signs of a drop in the number of blood platelets . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site . if you get a reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . reduction in the number of blood platelets , which may increase the risk of infection . symptoms include : pain , redness and swelling at the site of the infusion , which may be a sign of a low level of some white blood cells may be seen during treatment with treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . reduction in the number of blood platelets ( sometimes with symptoms that can increase your risk of infection ) sometimes with symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood platelets and what to do if you have any changes in your blood or urine test results . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with treatment . there is a risk of symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site as these can be signs of a low level of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): confusion , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling , dizziness , confusion . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 10 , 000 ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been reported with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the following side effects have been reported with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the following side effects have been reported with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : very common
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - skin rash - itching and hives - allergic reaction uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling mainly of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore throat - runny nose - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - blocked nose - sneezing , cough - headache - pain in arms or legs - muscle cramps ( musculoskeletal pain ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - high level of sugar in the blood - muscle spasm - skin itching - rash - clouding of the lens of the eyes ( cataract) ) - blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - signs of infection such as : bleeding from the eyes or chest pain , fever , breathing difficulties as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with zyllt is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel hexal if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called seizures , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of a condition called rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - diarrhoea - nausea ( being sick ) - stomach pain - weight increase - increases in enzymes produced by the muscles ( muscles ) - abnormal blood test results such as an increase in the number of muscles or creatine phosphokinase in your blood . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). signs of serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rarely reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits on the surface of the eye ( conjunctivitis ) tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking macugen . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , dryness of the surface of the skin , rapid breathing , stomach and abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tiredness , itching_skin , headache , tiredness and rash . these side effects usually occur when you start using this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . the following side effects have been observed with macugen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) deposits in the eye : inflammation of the inside the eye ( conjunctivitis ), nose bleed , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( conjunctivitis ), swollen glands ( conjunctivitis ), ringing in the ears ( tiredness ), shivering , high blood pressure , rash , itching , increased blood pressure , rash , itching . increased blood pressure ( conjunctivitis ) chest pain . other side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) chest pain . other side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) depression , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching and darkening of the darkening of your palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause pain in the upper right side of the hands or soles of your feet and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , oedema , and fever have been reported with digestive_enzymes . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling , palms of the palms of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , oedema ( fever ) or fever have also been reported . if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands or soles of your feet , which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and oedema ( especially if you have pain , swelling , oedema , or fever ). the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling or palms of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness or oedema ( especially in the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ). injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site , such as pain , swelling and redness ( phlebitis ). the frequency of these side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) include breathing difficulties ( dyspnoea ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . these may be signs of a hypersensitivity ( potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) if you have a rash , headache , breathing difficulties or cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia , muscle pain , muscle spasms or cramps , rash , headache , breathing difficulties or cough . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , 50 muscle pain , muscle spasms or cramps , rash , headache , breathing difficulties , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain ), rash , headache , breathing difficulties or cough . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), low level of red blood cells ( hypocalcaemia ). these are signs of a low level of calcium in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop taking jentadueto and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience lactic acidosis ( see also in section 2 ). - if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). - very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) - a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - if you experience any symptoms of an allergic reaction , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions ").
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : infection , fever , chills , sweats , chills , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , dizziness , drowsiness , headache , nausea , vomiting , stomach inflammation , fever , infection or inflammation . symptoms can include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms can include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms can include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms can include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating ,
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( feeling tired ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar levels common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - changes in the way things taste - fall . - weight gain - nervousness , shaking , sweating , shaking , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness , fall . low blood sugar . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - low blood sugar . if you have a sign of low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . - signs of liver problems such as nausea or vomiting , stomach pain , particularly from the back of the eye , and blurred vision . these may be signs of a low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . - if you have liver problems , such as nausea and vomiting . - stomach pain . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any symptoms of low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - nausea . - vomiting common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - weight gain - nervousness , shaking , sweating , shaking , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness , fall . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - nausea . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - nausea . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood pressure . - low blood sugar . - nausea . - vomiting . - stomach pain . - changes in the way things taste . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - nausea . - vomiting . - stomach pain . - changes in the way things taste . - low blood sugar . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have any of the following symptoms when your blood sugar level improves very fast , the retinopathy may get worse . ask your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following signs and symptoms of liver problems : - nausea and / or vomiting - stomach pain - frequent urination . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . - low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . - low blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - weight gain - nervousness , shaking , sweating , shaking , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness , fall or low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint . - low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . call your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following symptoms : low blood sugar levels : - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people - increased blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - weight gain - nervousness , shaking , sweating , shaking , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness , fall . low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - nausea . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - nausea . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - signs of infection such as : severe_abdominal_pain may cause infection of the skin and / or spots in the urine ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( signs of rashes ) - itching - unusual bruising ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_mylan ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of heart disturbances ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of heart disturbances ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of heart disturbances ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever - feeling tired - feeling tired - fever ( asthenia ) - feeling tired ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - upper abdominal pain ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - muscle aches - feeling tired - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - abdominal pain ( common ) - upper abdominal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - muscle aches - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - muscle aches - feeling tired - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - muscle aches - feeling tired - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain ( common ) - upper abdominal pain ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - stomach pain - muscle aches - feeling tired - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - pain in muscles ( muscle pain , muscle aches and feeling tired ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - feeling tired - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - muscle aches - feeling tired - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) signs of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , eyes or throat , fluttering , shortness of breath , throat tightness , cough , chest pain or discomfort , diarrhoea , sick , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and dizziness ( fainting ), 30 30 if you have fluttering , such as fluttering , wheezing , difficulty breathing , swelling or swelling of the eyes , swelling or discomfort in your eyes . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , feeling sick , nausea ( feeling sick ) 28 uncommon : dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), rash , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort , swelling or swelling in the eyes , fluid retention , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and rash , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort , swelling or swelling in the eyes , fluid retention , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and rash , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort , swelling or swelling in the eyes , fluid retention ( peripheral oedema ) and increased heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) in the heart ( electrocardiogram ) irregular heart rate ( qt prolongation ) irregular heart rate ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) a heart rhythm disorder ( qt prolongation ) which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lungs , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lungs , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the lungs , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the lungs , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the lungs , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lungs , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the lung ( electrocardiogram ) which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the lung ( electrocardiogram ) which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lungs , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lungs , which may be associated with blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) which may cause severe pain in the stomach and back which may feel fluttering or shortness of breath with or without swelling , swelling or discomfort in the around the eyes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - cough - throat irritation - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - rash - feeling unwell - difficulty sleeping - fainting - chest pain - discomfort or swelling of the eyes - increased heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following undesirable effects have been reported : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in clinical studies , the following undesirable effects have been reported : common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) dizziness nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness ( fatigue ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) vomiting tiredness ( fatigue ) abnormal dreams ( including anxiety ) constipation hypotension ( low blood pressure ) abnormal dreams constipation ( being sick ) vomiting ( being sick ) vomiting ( being sick ) 74 abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , constipation ( being sick ) vomiting ( being sick ) 74 abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , constipation ( being sick ) vomiting ( being sick ) 74 abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , constipation ( being sick ), vomiting , 74 , abnormal dreams , inability to sleep , paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) delusion amnesia ( memory disturbance ), hallucinations ( loss of consciousness ), confusion ( loss of consciousness ) weight decrease hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting , restlessness , visual disturbances , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite paranoia ( e . g . delusion , amnesia , memory disturbance , hallucinations , loss of appetite , low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) rare ( may affect up to hypotension , low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting , restlessness , visual disturbances , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , hiccups not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data pseudoaldosteronism , which results as delusion , amnesia , hearing loss , hallucinations , hearing loss , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss ( alopecia ), weight loss ( alopecia ), weight loss ( alopecia ), weight loss ( alopecia ) rare ( may affect up to weight_increase in 1 , 000 people ) sugar in urine , proteins in urine , proteins in the urine . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) sugar in urine , dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) dizziness , nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion , tiredness ( fatigue ) abnormal dreams , weight loss , decreased appetite , constipation ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ) 74 , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , constipation ( being sick ) and vomiting ( low blood pressure ) abnormal dreams , constipation , visual impairment vomiting ( being sick ), vomiting , 74 , abnormal dreams , decreased appetite , constipation , blurred vision , vomiting ( being sick ), vomiting , 74 , abnormal dreams , inability to sleep , paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) delusion , amnesia ( loss of memory ), hallucinations ( loss of hearing ), confusion , excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep , weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting , restlessness , visual disturbances , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , hiccups not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of the side effects are described below : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , back pain , back pain , increased heart rate and increased blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood pressure , blurred vision , blurred vision . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) effects in the eye : rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects . side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , back pain , back pain , increased blood pressure and increased heart rate . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , blurred vision , blurred vision . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) effects in the eye : rash or changes in your vision . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects . side effects : if you get side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended fatigue with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure ( for example , blisters and other symptoms ) that may be associated with a sudden decrease or loss of vision , blisters and / or peeling of the skin ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are signs of nasopharyngitis ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms or symptoms such as confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling dizzy or nausea sleepiness , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms or symptoms such as confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives ) 29 rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : pain in the chest or chest . if you get side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects gets severe or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness with symptoms such as cough , fever , high or low blood pressure , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - blood in urine - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - blood in urine - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - blood in urine - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - from blood tests - cough - blood in urine - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - from blood tests - cough - blood in urine - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - blood in urine - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - reduction in blood pressure - fast heart beat - cough - blood in urine - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - reduction in blood pressure - decreased urine output - cough - blood in urine - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - reduction in blood pressure - decreased urine output - cough - blood in urine - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - dizziness - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , rash , swelling ( fatigue ), shortness of breath , back pain , constipation , decreased appetite . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , seizures , inability to concentrate , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , back pain , throat irritation , dry mouth , tingling , numbness , tingling , abnormal vision , dizziness , blurred vision , increased blood pressure , bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , seizures , inability to concentrate , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , back pain , ear pain , dry mouth , tingling , numbness , tingling , abnormal vision , dizziness , blurred vision , increased blood pressure , bruising , nose bleed reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of flushing - rash - itching - difficulty breathing or wheezing - breathing difficulties - fainting - dizziness or fainting tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . - flushing , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face or throat , wheezing and trouble breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling sick and vomiting - other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - hives - itching - pain - pain in the back or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - trouble swallowing - breathing difficulties - breathing difficulties - fainting - dizziness - fainting - flushing - itching - hives - hives - hives - face_swelling - face_swelling - skin rash - wheezing - shortness of breath - these_symptoms - dizziness - fainting - fainting - flushing - rash - hives - face_swelling - skin rash - wheezing - trouble breathing - tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these symptoms . - hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness or fainting , - fainting , - itching , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - face_swelling , - swelling
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of an allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), which may be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) not known ( frequency
