like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , diarrhoea , tiredness and increased levels of some liver enzymes . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anaemia low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood , diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , dark urine , pain or difficulty in passing urine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) ( including bronchitis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) bronchitis ( including blood in the urine , diarrhoea , stomach pain , being sick ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , upset stomach or liver enzymes shown in tests low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) liver problems such as eczema , eczema or 41 41 stomach pain , eczema , folliculitis , stomach pain , eczema , folliculitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( tonsillitis ) skin reactions ( folliculitis ), runny nose , skin reactions ( such as enlarged_lymph_nodes ), runny nose , skin reactions ( including stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ), itchy skin , itchy skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to runny_nose in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , bronchitis , inflammation of the sinuses , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset stomach or liver enzymes in the blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) in the blood ( tonsillitis ), skin rash , folliculitis ( a type of skin cancer ), itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) and other allergic reactions ( e . g . itchy , runny nose , skin rashes , itchy skin , itchy skin , skin rashes , stevens - johnson syndrome or erythema multiforme ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects in clinical studies ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects in clinical studies ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects in clinical studies ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness , hands or pains in the hands and feet ( trunk and knee ) - difficulty in sleeping . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . - a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity - these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - diarrhoea - problems with your nerves such as pains , muscle aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) and difficulty in walking . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness or hands of the hands and feet . these symptoms may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity - these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - muscle aches and pains in the hip or knee ( knee or shoulder ) and / or shoulder pain . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness or hands of the hands and feet . these symptoms may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity - these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - muscle aches and pains in the hip or knee ( knee or shoulder ) and / or shoulder pain . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating or other signs of anaphylactic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) stomach ache feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , hypoglycaemia ( increased levels of liver enzymes ), increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( such as rash , itchy skin , rash and itchy rash ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests ( increased levels of liver enzymes ) rash , itchy skin rash , rash swelling of the face . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea increased liver enzymes in the blood increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea increased liver enzymes in the blood increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash , rash or itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abnormal liver function tests increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , itchy skin rash and rash itchy rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of pumarix are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require immediate medical attention . if you experience any of the following serious side effects , stop using the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require immediate medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( urticaria ), hives and hives have been reported . if you experience any of these , contact your doctor immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site pain feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - 10_people_pain may reduce your number of bruising and bruising . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with pumarix . - itching . - if you get blurred or cloudy urine , or if you feel feeling sick or being sick , - stomach pain , - muscle pain or muscle pain - flu - like symptoms , such as inflammation or bruising at the injection site . if you get any of these signs , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - some of the side effects you may get may be due to your underlying cancer . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may include itching , swelling , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing , stinging at the injection site , itching , redness of the skin at the injection site . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined version : 2 . 0 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain in the hands or soles of your feet which may cause muscle pain and difficulty in breathing . swelling of the hands , feet , hands , feet , or feet ( peripheral oedema ) or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infections such as pain , swelling , palms of the hands and soles of your feet , which may cause loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions ") which may be life - threatening or life - threatening infections ( see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the hands or feet as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( jaundice ). inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) inflammation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) and / or a feeling of faintness , coughing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sudden drop in blood pressure and collapse . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following early signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if you feel light - headed or have a fast heartbeat , which may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel light - headed or have a quickened heartbeat - dizziness or headache - pain in the mouth or throat - dizziness - headache - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - feeling hot ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - dizziness - headache reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection , allergic reactions ( including skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , a serious allergic reaction ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you notice any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells allergic reactions , such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells allergic reactions , such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells allergic reactions , such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells allergic reactions , such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing or swallowing . serious allergic reactions to this medicine may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to this medicine . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells allergic reactions , such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other signs of serious allergic reaction may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells allergic reactions , such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you notice any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells allergic reactions , such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells allergic reactions , such as skin rash ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , headaches , light - headedness , fainting , 36 36 - 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 symptoms are vomiting , nausea and nausea ( nausea ), skin rash ( common ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , tiredness , bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection at the injection site . skin rashes ( which may be a sign of blood clots in the blood vessels of the skin , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , bruising and bruising ) have been reported . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , shortness of breath , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain , bone pain , tiredness , muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ). nausea , vomiting and decreased appetite 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( extremities ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , shortness of breath , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ). nausea , vomiting and decreased appetite 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots in the veins , high blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ). nausea , vomiting and decreased blood pressure ( 36 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( carpal neuropathy ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , shortness of breath , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ). nausea , vomiting and decreased blood pressure ( 36 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( extremities ), blood clots in the veins , high blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ). nausea , vomiting and decreased blood pressure ( 36 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( extremities ), blood clots in the veins , high blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ). nausea , vomiting and decreased
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must immediately contact your doctor if you notice any of the following : blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) signs of a serious allergic reaction may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; blood in the urine ; an increase in liver enzymes ; an increase in a type of liver enzymes called eosinophils ( a type of fat in your blood ) and a type of white blood cell ( eosinophils ) and a decrease in the number of medicines involved in blood clotting ( eosinophils ). your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , nervous system symptoms , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , and unexplained swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . stop taking your_medicine and see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) blood tests may show : a decrease in the number of red cells in your blood ( eosinophils ) and a decrease in the number of medicines involved in blood clotting ( eosinophils ). your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , nervous system symptoms , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , and unexplained swelling of the face , lips and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a blood clot in a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema , which may be a sign of kidney problems ) an increase in the levels of liver enzymes called eosinophils ( a type of fat in your blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor straight away : severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be a sign of blood clots in the blood vessels of the body ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophils ) and a decrease in the number of medicines involved in blood clotting ( eosinophils ). your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , blood in your urine , tiredness or paleness , dizziness , headache , and unexplained aches and / or swelling of the eyes . stop taking thorinane and see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction , which may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) changes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling of burning in the arms and legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling of the face or throat ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the throat or throat and / or discomfort when passing urine these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache feeling of burning in the arms and / or legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the throat and throat , or discomfort when passing urine these may be signs of a drop in the amount of potassium in your blood . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) headache , burning sensation when passing urine or a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in your cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation or lump in the area around the penis have been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_tad '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_tad '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bms . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion and heartburn ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn ; excessive gas in the stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diabetes_mellitus may cause your body to retain water ( urinary tract infection ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diabetes_mellitus ( awareness of your heart beat ) difficulty in sleeping , headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain or discomfort , changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) cold or flu like illness fungal infections of the mouth or throat infection of the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract infection of the mouth or throat , high blood sugar levels , increased appetite , confusion , disorientation , depression , inability to fall asleep or stay asleep , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) dizziness abnormal sensation of sensation such as tingling , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), dizziness , impaired taste , loss of sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), dizziness , impaired taste , loss of sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), dizziness , impaired taste , loss of sensation , tingling or numbness ( especially in the jaw or jaw ), dizziness , disturbance in attention , blurred vision , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , bleeding from small blood vessels , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the brain or chest , blood in the urine , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the nose or throat , blood in the urine , rapid or rapid pulse , blood in the urine , rapid or rapid pulse , bleeding in the chest or chest , blood in the urine , rapid or rapid heartbeat , bleeding in the chest or chest , blood in the urine , rapid or rapid heartbeat , bleeding in the chest or chest , cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , difficulty swallowing , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_zentiva . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in very_rare_side_effects people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; blood clots in blood vessels . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if you have any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if you have any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . skin reactions ( burning and stinging ) and fever ( common ). rarely , itching may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you develop a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you experience any of the side effects below , contact your doctor immediately . the most frequently occurring side effect is 7 . 7 % of these allergic reactions ( hives , rash , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found at the injection site include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , hives , red skin , wheezing or a drop in blood pressure . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; hives ; local rash ; wheezing ; drop in blood pressure ; fatigue ; dizziness ; headache ; shortness of breath ; wheezing ; swelling of the face ; fatigue ; dizziness ; headache ; shortness of breath ; wheezing ; an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found in clinical studies for patients treated with immunogam were : swelling of the face or face at the site of injection . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , throat and / or throat , hives , temporary loss of consciousness , wheezing . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . some of these reactions may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found in clinical studies for patients treated with immunogam were : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( hives ) local reactions ( such as swelling of the face , face , throat or throat ) hives , local rash , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found in clinical studies for patients treated with immunogam were : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( hives ) local reactions ( e . g . hives , generalised rash , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat ). these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found at the injection site include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , hives , red skin , wheezing or a drop in blood pressure . these reactions can be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or a drop in blood pressure ( fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found at the injection site include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , hives , red skin , wheezing or a drop in blood pressure . these reactions can be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing or a drop in blood pressure ( fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). if you notice any of these symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , difficult or shallow breathing , cough or breathing difficulties . these may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - your_body can be a sign of a condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : changes in your blood sugar levels ( e . g . pain , swelling , bleeding or other signs of infection ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) or pale - coloured stools , or if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your back or side . - joint pain . - skin rashes . - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get any of these signs , or if you notice any of the side effects above , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with rasagiline_mylan : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation , dry mouth , headache , and increased levels of creatinine in the blood . these symptoms may be symptoms of headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle cramps , joint pain , painful joints , numbness or numbness of the hands or feet . this could be a sign of an uncommon side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people . constipation , dry mouth , headache and blurred weight ( these may be symptoms of a urinary tract infection ). symptoms of headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), numbness or numbness of the hands or feet . in addition , the following symptoms have been reported with this medicine . changes in mood , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), numbness or tingling of the hands or feet . in addition , the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : changes in mood , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , decreased_weight weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), numbness or tingling of the hands or feet . in addition , the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : changes in taste , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , decreased_weight weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), numbness or tingling of the hands or feet . in addition , the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , headache , runny nose , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), numbness or tingling of the hands or feet . in addition , the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): kidney failure , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , headache , runny nose , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), muscle weakness ( myalgia ), muscle weakness ( myalgia ), muscle spasms ( myalgia ), muscle weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscle spasms ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), muscular
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal pain ; nausea and vomiting ; severe allergic reactions ( nausea and vomiting ); severe allergic reaction ( nausea , vomiting , hypersensitivity ) ; nausea ; vomiting ; allergic reactions ; nausea ; vomiting ; severe allergic reaction ; hair loss ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; blood tests showing abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; scarring of the liver ; scarring of the liver ; scarring of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; itching ; trouble breathing ; swallowing ; dizziness ; changes in your sense of taste ; leg or leg pain . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your behaviour . blood tests may show changes in your blood or urine test results . this is more likely if you have low blood pressure and type of white blood cells , which can result in yellowing of your skin or eyes . this may indicate liver problems such as painful urination , bruising , bleeding or paleness the following side effects have been reported with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal pain ; nausea and vomiting ; severe allergic reactions ( nausea and vomiting ); rash ; hair loss ( alopecia ); eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; muscle spasms ; blood tests showing changes in the way things taste . blood tests may show changes in the way the liver is working ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; scarring of the liver ; scarring of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the liver ; hepatitis ; liver failure ; inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ); serious allergic reaction ( including severe swelling of the skin , itching , trouble breathing , swallowing or dizziness ); swelling of the hands , ankles , feet , ankles , or feet ; leg pain ; blood tests showing changes in the way things taste . blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called immunoglobulins ); inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; difficulty in swallowing ; dizziness or difficulties in breathing ; dizziness ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; blood clots in a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , chest tightness , breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness and coma . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , indigestion , bloating , constipation , constipation , constipation , itching , muscle aches or spasms , muscle stiffness or spasms , abnormal skin sensations like high or low blood sugar levels ( gastritis , sodium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , shortness of breath or chest pain . these could be signs of heart problems and heart failure . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever and tired , chest pain or discomfort , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , fever and 43 most common in children . if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever and tired , chest pain or discomfort , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , fever and 43 most common in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high level of cholesterol in the blood 43 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high cholesterol levels in your blood 43 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your cancer . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , feeling confused , abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , upset stomach , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , rash , itching , pain_in_extremity swelling of the skin at the site of injection . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : visual changes , seeing flashes of light , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision , increased heart rate , high blood pressure , upset stomach , upset stomach , upset stomach , upset stomach or inflammation , redness of the skin , itching , feeling unwell , muscle pain , pain in extremity , swelling of the arms or legs , feeling unwell , swelling or swelling in the hands and feet . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : visual changes , seeing flashes of light , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects with frequency not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) feeling dizzy increased heart rate , high blood pressure , upset stomach , upset stomach , upset stomach , stomach discomfort , upset stomach or inflammation , redness of the skin , itching , feeling generally unwell , muscle pain , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : visual changes , seeing or hearing things that are not there ( tremor ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) feeling of increased heart rate , high blood pressure , upset stomach , upset stomach , upset stomach , upset stomach or inflammation , redness of the skin , itching , feeling generally unwell , muscle pain , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : visual changes , seeing perception of depth , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects with frequency not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) feeling of increased heart beat , increased heart rate , upset stomach , upset stomach , upset stomach , taste disturbance , inflammation or redness of the skin , itching , feeling unwell , muscle pain , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : visual changes , seeing or hearing things that are not there ( tremor ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . decreased levels of sodium in the blood . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : visual changes , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects with frequency not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) feeling of increased heart beat , increased heart rate , upset stomach , upset stomach , upset stomach , taste disturbance , inflammation or redness of the skin , itching , feeling unwell , muscle pain , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : visual changes , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , feeling abnormal . side effects with frequency not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) feeling of increased heart rate , increased heart rate , upset stomach , upset stomach , upset stomach , taste disturbance , inflammation or redness of the skin , itching
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar level falls too high , you may pass out ( become a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin ). 75 hypoglycaemia may cause low blood sugar : such as shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat and feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat and feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the signs above . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation or other signs of infection of the urinary tract ( e . g . irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) back pain . slowing of growth in children and adolescents in adolescents and adolescents . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , pain , chest pain , feeling of discomfort or weakness , fatigue , low blood pressure , weight loss , stiffness , weakness , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site , low blood pressure , weight loss , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , pain , chest pain , feeling of weakness or weakness , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site high blood pressure , weight loss , stiffness , weakness , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site , low blood pressure , shivering , pain , chest discomfort or discomfort , depression , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , sensation of tingling , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty with sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty with sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty with sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty with sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty with sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty with sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty with sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty with sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty with sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness , drowsiness , taste disturbance , dizziness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , flushing , skin rash , acne , skin redness , acne , skin redness , acne , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin_redness skin rash , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or abdomen ), acne , skin rash , acne , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the mouth and / or throat ), acne , skin rash , urticaria , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or abdomen ), acne , skin rash , acne , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the mouth and / or throat ), acne , skin rash , urticaria , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or abdomen ), acne , skin rash , urticaria , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( increased heart rate , bradycardia , abnormal heart rhythm ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ), acne , skin redness , urticaria ( acne ), skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( fast heart rate ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or abdomen ), acne , skin rash , urticaria , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ), bradycardia ( increased heart rate , bradycardia , abnormal heart rhythm ), bradycardia ( a feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ), acne , skin redness , urticaria ( acne ), skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking mvasi and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty in breathing or chest chest pain . you may have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite , and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a slight decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) feeling tired or weak tiredness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) feeling tired or weak tiredness , headaches , headaches , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) feeling tired or weak tiredness , tiredness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , sores in the stomach or stomach , stomach or gut ( e . g . perforation_of_the_gut or mucosal ) problems with your stomach or intestine ( mucosal inflammation ) difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the legs or legs ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( which may make you more prone to cells ) or in the number of white blood cells ( cells that help the blood to clot ) which may result in kidney damage , difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach ( stomach ) pain in the stomach or gut , which may be caused by a feeling of fullness in the stomach or gut , which may be caused by a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) difficulty in sleeping . chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the legs or legs ) blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these could be symptoms of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which may be life threatening and life threatening . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea ( low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection , including life - threatening allergic reactions ( e . g . shortness of breath , breathlessness , anxiety , difficulty breathing ) - anaphylactic shock ( hypersensitivity ) and serious allergic reaction which may include symptoms of a life - threatening condition called " sepsis " ( symptoms may include fever , chills , rapid breathing or infections ) tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - skin rash , which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - shortness of breath or rapid breathing - light - headedness , light - headedness , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low levels of blood platelets ( diarrhoea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood - joint pain - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may be symptoms of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( symptoms may include fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections ) tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - skin rash , which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - shortness of breath or rapid breathing - light - headedness , light - headedness , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - symptoms include blood in your urine , urine , urine , urine , or urine , shortness of breath or rapid breathing , light - headedness , changes in vision or loss of hearing - difficulty in speaking or understanding others - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low levels of blood platelets ( diarrhoea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood - joint pain - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - excessive sweating ( possible symptoms of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome "). symptoms may include fever , chills , rapid breathing or infections , which may be symptoms of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( symptoms include fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections ) tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . - severe infection of the lungs ( e . g . fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections ) tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low levels of blood platelets ( diarrhoea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking januvia and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face with or without difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as this could be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with sitagliptin in combination with metformin : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( nausea , flatulence ) and vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach ulcer , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ulcer , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach ulcer , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach ulcer , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash , itching . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash , itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash or itching . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_blood_sugar . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to death . if you do not treat it , this could lead to death . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sweating - nausea or vomiting - these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : peeling or peeling of the skin - pancreatitis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause pancreatitis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a fever , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a fever , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause pancreatitis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a fever , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause pancreatitis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a fever , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( hypotension ) this can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : feeling dizzy , nausea or diarrhoea ; loss of appetite ; 78 ; hypersensitivity reactions ( including itchy rash and hives ); allergic reactions ; allergic reactions ; allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity )  difficulty breathing or swallowing  dizziness ; tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : infection or fever , feeling very sleepy , sore throat or fast heart beat , dizziness or feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and neutropenia . low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and swelling have been reported . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . heart attack , fast heart beat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , heart attack , and cardiac arrest . these symptoms can be symptoms of such as rash , itching , swelling and redness . these symptoms can be signs of heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , fast heart beat , high blood pressure , fast heart rate , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering . you may also have some symptoms such as shivering , itching , swelling and redness . these symptoms can be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , feeling unwell , vomiting or sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering . you may also have some symptoms such as shivering , itching , swelling and redness . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling or redness , itching , rash , shivering ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your testicles , as well as an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness , pain , swelling , redness , swelling and / or irritation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , vomiting , nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 37 - irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the injection site . this usually clears up in a few days to a few weeks . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness or irritation ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pain in the stomach or intestine - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , vomiting , nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 37 - irritation , pain , redness or irritation at the site of injection . this usually clears up in a few days or weeks after a few weeks . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or throat . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain or vomiting - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 37 - irritation , pain , redness or irritation at the site of injection . this usually clears up in a few days to a few weeks . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or throat , decreased number of red blood cells and decreased blood platelets . - difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - elevated levels of some liver enzymes rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - peripheral swelling if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - peripheral swelling if you have any of these symptoms , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of allergic skin reactions : if you notice any of the following : swollen face , lips , mouth or throat , itchy skin , itchy skin or raised bumps under the skin , or a rash , fever , chills , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes , agitation , confusion , depression , or depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion , depression and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion , depression and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion , depression and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion , depression and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( including anaphylactic shock ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression , and / or depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes ), agitation , confusion and depression . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , which may need urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain and pain where the injection is given . the injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation , which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if such reactions occur , speak to a doctor or nurse straight away . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and pain where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth and pain where the injection is given . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) swelling and warmth . in general , these side effects are mild to moderate in intensity . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . in general , these side effects may occur , and are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) your doctor may regularly test your blood tests to check your liver function test your liver function test . these may include yellowing of your skin or whites of your eyes , shivering , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling dizzy loss of appetite tiredness feeling dizzy feeling tired , feeling very tired , sore throat or a hoarse red blood cell count ( e . g ., swelling in your mouth and throat ) swelling in your mouth and / or throat tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your your_eyes , as well as swelling of your mouth and throat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with bondronat . other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling dizzy loss of appetite tiredness feeling dizzy feeling tired , feeling very tired , sore throat and a hoarse voice 59 feeling tired or dizzy sore throat 59 a change in your mood or loss of taste . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( shown in tests ) blood tests may show an increase in blood fat ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) allergic reaction the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or throat , which may be signs of a drop in blood pressure and breathlessness . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction ( the signs may include breathlessness , difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and breathlessness ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore throat or throat pain in the mouth or throat flu ( influenza ) flu - like symptoms ( e . g . sore throat ) high level of potassium in your blood ( shown in tests ) joint pain back pain constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( fractures ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 other side effects include : blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may need immediate medical treatment if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ) have been reported . if you notice any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain , irritation , itching or bruising . signs of infusion reaction may include feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your dose . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with zinforo . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with zinforo . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain , irritation , irritation , bruising or bruising at the infusion site feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . in some cases these may be signs of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may decide to carry out tests to check your blood tests . stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may decide to carry out tests to check your liver function . stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . stomach pain or pain . itching . your doctor may advise you how to treat an increase in your liver enzymes . stomach pain or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may decide to carry out tests to check your liver function . stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . stomach pain or pain . itching . your doctor may tell you how to treat an increase in your liver enzymes . stomach pain or being sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . stomach pain or pain . itching . your doctor may advise you how to treat an increase in your liver enzymes . stomach pain or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zinforo . stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . stomach pain or pain . itching . your doctor may advise you how to treat an increase in your liver enzymes . stomach pain or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zinforo . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zinforo . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may decide to carry out tests to check your liver function . stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . stomach pain or pain . itching . your doctor may advise you how to treat an increase in your liver enzymes . stomach pain or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zinforo . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may also test your urine if you experience stomach pain , being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) or diarrhoea . your doctor may advise you how to treat an increase in your liver enzymes . stomach pain or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zinforo . stomach pain , being
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as : swollen face , tongue or throat ; swollen face , hands , feet ; itchiness ; hives ; runny nose and difficulty in breathing ; dry mouth ; snoring ; arm or leg pain ; rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes , eyes , eye swelling , eye pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , increased eye pressure , convulsions ; changes in vision including convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ). jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in pregabalin_pfizer v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle pain and pain , and increase in blood pressure . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you do get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) 1 . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pneumonia , heart attack or irregular heart beat , high blood pressure and 31 high blood pressure . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , confusion , fear , restlessness , feeling sleepy , temporary loss of consciousness , fainting , high blood pressure , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure ( hypotension ), blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur with breathing and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during ecg ( see section 2 , " warnings and legs "). the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe infections ( sepsis ) ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe infections ( sepsis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) severe infections ( sepsis ) when taken with prednisolone and / or arrhythmia ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in zytiga v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : heart problems : signs of shingles such as shingles , bleeding , bleeding , or in the case of a tooth . these could be signs of an uncommon condition called tremor , neuropathy , abnormal stroke , stroke , visual disturbances , buzzing , temporary loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a heart attack or a different condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skin and needs urgent medical attention . severe allergic reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by threatening_reaction and flu - like symptoms . stop using hefiya if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - itchy skin - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , inflammatory skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by flu-like_symptoms and flu - like symptoms . stop using hefiya if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - itchy skin ; - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - itchy skin ; - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - itchy skin ; - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ; - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - itchy skin ; - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ; - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - itchy skin ; - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ; difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ; - itchy skin ; - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of ritemvia is infusion - related reactions during or shortly after infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after taking this medicine . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking ritemvia . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor immediately . the infusion may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ( e . g . hives , skin reactions , severe skin reactions , redness , blisters , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . if you get any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the following symptoms :  tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections ( common , may affect up to bronchitis or low white blood cells ) bronchitis ( low red blood cell count ) can make you more prone to infections or flu - like symptoms . if you have itching , hives , or feeling tired or tired , you should seek immediate medical advice . infections ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ritemvia and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eyelids and needs urgent medical attention . if you have any of the above or combination of the following side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections ( common , may affect up to bronchitis , low red blood cell count ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience any of these , or if you experience one or more of the following symptoms : stomatitis ( pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat ). hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of capecitabine_teva , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms : chills or virus ( common ) or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g ., mouth and lips ), in particular if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , weak or dizzy . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away after a few days . - dizziness , fainting and complications have been reported with the use of this medicine . - if you experience dizziness , fainting or complications , you should seek immediate medical advice . - dizziness , fainting or complications when you start using this medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking this medicine and see your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects reported with telmisartan in clinical studies with telmisartan . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels ( thrombocytopenia ), feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug reaction , back pain , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or a feeling of tiredness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sepsis . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) serious allergic reaction . if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : severe allergic reaction ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), fainting ( syncope ), difficulty in sleeping ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug reaction , back pain , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or a feeling of tiredness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sepsis . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) serious allergic reactions ( including severe and persistent allergic reactions ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); eosinophilia ( low blood sugar ) means that there is not enough sugar in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reaction ( eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ) which may be severe and life - threatening allergic reactions ( eosinophilia , low blood sugar , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), thrombocytopenia ( severe allergic reaction , anaphylactic shock ), thrombocytopenia ( severe allergic reaction ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug reaction , back pain , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or a muscle pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sepsis . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in the number of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) and severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) and death have been reported . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). symptoms may include : low blood pressure , light - headedness , chills and hives . allergic reactions may include dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the injection site . this usually clears up in a few days to a few weeks . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the injection site . in clinical studies , these events are mild to moderate and resolve within a few days to a few weeks . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including bleeding at the injection site ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reactions at the start of treatment with a fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the injection site . in clinical studies in children and adolescents , the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including bleeding at the injection site ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reactions at the start of treatment with a fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the site of injection . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the injection site . in clinical studies in children and adolescents , the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including bleeding at the injection site ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reactions at the start of treatment with a fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the injection site . in clinical studies in children and adolescents , the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including bleeding at the injection site ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the site of injection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( caused by medicines given by injection at the start of treatment ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the injection site . in clinical studies in children and adolescents , the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including bleeding at the injection site ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the site of injection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty in breathing or seizures ( seizures ), seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills , or abdominal ( abdominal ) pain , severe headache , headache , vomiting , abdominal pain , difficulty passing stools , severe headache , headache , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in passing stools , severe headache , headache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain and discomfort . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of red blood cells and blood platelets . - reduction in blood cells which help the blood to clot . - reduction in blood cells which help your blood to clot . - reduction in blood cells which help your blood to clot . - reduction in blood platelets which may make you more prone to infection and may be life - threatening . - decrease in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) in the blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - rash , swelling of the face or throat , with or without difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( seizures ), - convulsions ( convulsions ), - vomiting , - abdominal pain or discomfort . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fungal infections . - reduction in blood cells which help your blood to clot . - reduction in blood cells which help your blood to clot . - reduction in blood cells which help your blood to clot . - reduction in blood platelets which may make you more prone to infection and may be life - threatening . - decrease in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat , with or without difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ), - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - vomiting , - abdominal pain or discomfort , - nausea or vomiting , abdominal pain or discomfort . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and blood platelets . - reduction in blood cells which help the blood to clot . - reduction in blood cells which help your blood to clot . - reduction in blood platelets which may make you more prone to infection and may be life - threatening . - decrease in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - rash , swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - seizures ( convulsions ) - fever - seizures ( fits ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( rashes , hives ) have been reported . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue ) have been reported . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , feeling sick ( sick ), vomiting , diarrhoea , reflux of reflux of the reflux of the eye , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , sensation of heart beating faster , high blood sugar , high blood sugar , high blood sugar , high blood sugar , high blood sugar , high blood sugar , high blood pressure , redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . feeling sick ( nausea ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , feeling sick ( sick ), vomiting , reflux of reflux of the reflux of the eye , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , blood in urine , and reduced blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , light - headedness , high blood pressure and low blood pressure ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , reflux of reflux of the reflux of the eye , blurred vision , difficulty in speaking , difficulty in speaking , difficulty in speaking , difficulty in speaking , loss of taste ( vertigo ), fast heart rate ( high blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or seizures ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , taste disturbance , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives , itchy rash ( hives ) and itchy rash ( hives ) and / or red patches on the skin . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , passing little or no urine , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( itchy red welts on the skin ), hives ( nettle - papular rash ), hives ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , passing little or no urine , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red spots on the skin ), hives ( nettle - papular rash ) and hives ( red , red , scaly rash on the skin ), hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or hives . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , passing little or no urine , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red spots on the skin ), hives ( nettle - papular rash ), hives and / or red patches on the skin . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red spots on the skin ), hives ( urticaria ), elevated blood pressure ( high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , passing little or no urine , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red spots on the skin ), hives ( nettle - papular rash ) or hives ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . blood tests may show changes in your blood or urine test results . your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating or other signs of anaphylactic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( loose stools ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy rash ( rash ) 31 stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes levels in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash ( itchy rash ), increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash ( itchy rash ), increased blood levels of liver enzymes . stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( feeling sick ), nausea or vomiting ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( feeling sick ), nausea or vomiting ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( feeling sick ), nausea or vomiting ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( feeling sick ), nausea or vomiting ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( feeling sick ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), nausea ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections of the upper respiratory system ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea and diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the nose , nose , gut or gut , back pain , stomach pain , tiredness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding . these may be signs of a low level of calcium in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections of the upper respiratory tract ( sepsis ) sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , bleeding_in_the_stomach upper stomach or gut usually on the nose , gut or gut , and / or gut ( may be severe and life - threatening allergic reactions , e . g ., itching , burning sensation , pain , fever , shivering ) and bleeding . these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms infection of the mouth , throat or throat , sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , nose or gut , and / or a feeling of pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be severe and life - threatening allergic reactions , e . g ., itching , burning sensation , pain , fever and shivering ) blurred vision , kidney problems , joint pain , pain , fever , shivering and shivering . in addition , these events are mild and will require immediate medical attention . common side effects ( may affect up to joint_aches in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms infection of the mouth , throat or throat , sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upper stomach or nose , gut or gut , and / or the gut , especially in the gut ( the signs may include cold , tongue , gut or gut ), pain , fever and shivering . blurred vision . kidney problems ( kidney failure , joint pain , pain , fever , shivering and shivering ). blurred vision . kidney problems ( kidney failure , joint pain , pain , fever , shivering and shivering ). blurred vision . kidney problems ( kidney failure , joint pain and pain , fever , shivering and shivering ). blurred vision . kidney problems ( including kidney failure , joint pain and pain , fever , shivering and shivering ). blurred vision , which may be a sign of kidney problems ( including kidney problems and / or chest pain ). pain , redness , bruising and bleeding ( haematoma ), runny nose ( haematoma ), runny nose ( epistaxis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , upper respiratory tract infection . sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , nose or gut . difficulties in swallowing . cold sweat , itching , burning sensation , pain , fever and shivering . blurred vision . kidney problems ( kidney failure , joint pain , pain , fever , shivering and shivering ). blurred vision . kidney problems ( kidney failure , joint pain and pain ) and / or fluid in the extremities . diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be associated with heartbeat and shaking ). blurred vision , or sensitivity to light ( haematoma ). injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , pain , redness , bruising and tingling ), swollen lymph glands ( haematoma ), runny nose ( epistaxis ), runny nose ( epistaxis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach or gut ( gastroenteritis ), bleeding in the stomach or intestine ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding in the stomach or intestine ). diverticulitis ( bleeding from the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning sensation , stinging or stinging in the mouth and / or throat . this could be a sign of runny nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , joint pain , muscle aches , difficulty in passing urine or difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , itching , itchy rash on the skin , swelling of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid . general disorders : irritation of the eyelid . irritation of the eyelid . irritation of the eyelid . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately . general side effects : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) irregular heart beat . general disorders : thirst , thirst , visual disturbances , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet , legs or feet . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : changes in heart rate , loss of blood flow to parts of the brain , which may be life - threatening , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , changes in heart rate , thirst , stroke , visual disturbances , changes in heart rate , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : changes in heart rate , loss of blood flow to parts of the brain , which may be fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , changes in heart rate , thirst , stroke , visual disturbances , changes in heart rate , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet , legs or feet . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : changes in heart rate , loss of blood flow to parts of the brain , which may be life - threatening , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , changes in heart rate , thirst , stroke , visual disturbances , changes in heart rate , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet , legs or feet . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : changes in heart rate , loss of blood flow to parts of the brain , which may be fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , changes in heart rate , thirst , stroke , visual disturbances , changes in heart rate , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions ( see above , " anaphylactic reactions , heart attack , decreased heart rate , decreased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , thirst , thirst , visual disturbances , abnormal heart rate , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the legs , hands , feet , hands , feet , legs , or feet ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the liver , which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing . not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) increased pressure in the brain . other possible side effects include :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction with rash and itchy rash ( itchy rash ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) feeling dizzy malaise ( malaise ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain ( abnormal_hair_growth ) hair loss ( alopecia ) malaise muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( malaise ) pain in arms or legs ( arthralgia ) chest pain low blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) feeling tired ( malaise ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ). chest pain high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) feeling tired ( malaise ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment ( may show up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness or fainting these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections of the lung ( infections ) low blood pressure ( anaemia ), tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , and sleepiness . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain ( stomach ache ), nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , bleeding_in_the_stomach stools , gut problems , vomiting , stomach_pain , indigestion , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , hair loss ( urticaria ), hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , weakness , chills , shivering ( shivering ), trouble sleeping ( insomnia ), abdominal pain , weakness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your gut and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a fall in the number of white blood cells ( bacteria and anaemia ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness , weakness , weakness ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( sepsis ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness , chills , shivering , trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - abdominal pain , weakness , fatigue , shivering or bleeding ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a fall in the number of white blood cells ( bacteria or anaemia ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness - weakness - weakness ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( sepsis ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - weakness - chills - feeling hot ( insomnia ) - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a fall in the number of white blood cells ( bacteria or anaemia ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness , weakness , weakness ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( sepsis ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of appetite - weakness , chills , shivering , trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - abdominal pain , weakness , fatigue , shivering or bleeding ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a fall in the number of white blood cells ( bacteria or anaemia ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness , weakness , weakness ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( sepsis ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - inner_cheeks - chills - shivering - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding ( this may be a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting abdominal pain indigestion stomach ( abdominal ) pain pain in the stomach or intestine stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , abdominal pain or discomfort in the abdomen ( abdomen ) abnormal dreams , high or low blood pressure , headache , dizziness 34 palpitations , palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain , palpitations ( dizziness , dizziness ) 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , 34 dizziness , vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the sinuses , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal coordination , change in sense of taste , headache , dizziness 34 palpitations , palpitations ( fits ), joint pain , palpitations ( fits ), dizziness , 34 inflammation of the mouth or throat , decreased number of platelets in the blood , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , 34 dizziness , vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , difficulty swallowing , ear pain 34 dizziness , headache , palpitations , palpitations ( fits ), joint pain , palpitations ( fits ), dizziness , 34 inflammation of the mouth or throat , decreased number of platelets in the blood , joint pain , 34 . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) inflammation of the liver , difficulty in swallowing , abdominal pain , 34 dizziness , vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), inflammation of the pancreas , abdominal pain , reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , chills , weakness , shortness of breath , confusion and collapse . these symptoms may be signs of a possible condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , confusion , weakness , shortness of breath , confusion and collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , nausea , vomiting , and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills , weakness , shortness of breath , confusion and collapse . these symptoms may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have an erection which lasts for more than one week , you should contact your doctor immediately . - chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , nausea , vomiting , and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - nausea , or vomiting , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling or stiffness in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), seen in blood tests , which may indicate bleeding which may be a sign of liver problems . - weakness , stomach ache , nausea , heartburn , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach_discomfort , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , bloating , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach pain , nausea , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach pain , nausea , pain in the stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach and stomach , feeling tired , weakness , loss of appetite , decreased appetite , restlessness , sensation of tingling or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low level of blood platelets , platelets , a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) and a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) with or without symptoms such as muscle weakness , feeling confused , sensation of restlessness or fear , restlessness , feeling sleepy , ringing in the ears , changes in sense of taste , taste disturbances , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , heartburn , stomach discomfort , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain in stomach or intestines , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach ache , nausea , pain in stomach or intestines , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain in stomach or intestines , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , pain in stomach , stomach , abdomen , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach , stomach and stomach , feeling tired , weakness , loss of appetite , decreased appetite , restlessness , sensation of tingling or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood levels of platelets , which may cause muscle weakness and difficulty in sleeping . sensation of fear that are not really there ( sensation of restlessness or fear ), restlessness , feeling sluggish , ringing in the ears , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , heartburn , stomach discomfort , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ), 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating ( nausea ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) candidiasis ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) candidiasis may cause your body to retain water ( thrush ). your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . pain in your arms and / or legs ( urinary retention ) common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) pain in your arms and / or legs ( urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea or vomiting . this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( hoarseness ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , coughing , wheezing or breathing difficulties , or pain in your throat or throat , coughing , wheezing or breathing difficulties , or pain in your chest or throat , coughing , wheezing or breathing difficulties . pain in your arms or legs , back pain ( dysuria ), bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction such as rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , coughing or wheezing , breathing difficulties or tightness of the throat , throat or tongue , coughing , wheezing or breathing problems , or pain in your throat ( dysuria ), pain in passing urine ( dysuria ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , indigestion ( feeling tired ), low blood levels of uric acid in the blood , dizziness , sleepiness , depression , anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood levels of uric acid in the blood , which may be seen in your blood tests . common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , indigestion ( feeling tired ), low blood levels of uric acid in the blood , feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , indigestion ( feeling tired ), low blood levels of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) common ( may affect up to anxiety in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ), feeling tired , feeling tired , pain in the arms or legs , feeling tired , pain in the arms or legs , feeling tired , pain in your arms and / or legs , anxiety , disturbance in attention ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the side effects above . common ( may affect up to anxiety in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , indigestion feeling tired , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , feeling tired , pain in your arms or legs , feeling tired , pain in your arms or legs , feeling tired , pain in your arms or legs , feeling tired and feeling tired . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the side effects above . common ( may affect up to anxiety in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , indigestion feeling tired , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , feeling tired , pain in your arms or legs , feeling tired , pain in your arms or legs , feeling tired , pain in your arms or legs , feeling tired , pain in your arms or legs , feeling tired , pain in your arms and / or legs , increases in liver enzymes ( seen in tests ) in the beginning of treatment are : anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , indigestion . feeling tired . some changes may occur in your blood , but these may be seen in your blood tests . your doctor may regularly test your blood tests to check for kidney function tests . common ( may affect up to in 10 people ) anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , swollen abdomen . feeling tired . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data dizziness , sleepiness , anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . these may be seen in your blood tests . your doctor may regularly test your urine if you experience kidney
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or sleepy on the upper part of the ears feeling sleepy or sleepy when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this could be a sign of tingling or tingling in the hands and eyes , tingling , taste disturbance , vertigo , feeling dizzy or sleepy , dry mouth , loss of taste , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizzy feeling sleepy or sleepy on standing up , which may be signs of a muscle disorder or tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , which may cause tingling or numbness of the hands and feet , tingling , taste disturbance , vertigo , feeling dizzy , headache , taste disturbance , vertigo , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy or sleepy sensation in the mouth , dry mouth , change in your sense of touch or sensation of tingling or numbness in the hands or feet , tingling sensation ( vertigo ), spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , headache , taste disturbance , vertigo , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 , taste disturbance , vertigo , abnormal muscle movements , difficulty with sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 , taste disturbance , ringing in muscle ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ), dry mouth 37 , taste disturbance , ringing in muscle ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 , excessive sweating , 37 , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , feeling less hungry or feeling less hungry than usual , feeling more hungry or having difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 , excessive sweating , 37 muscle spasms , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ). 37 , feeling confused or having signs of tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or sleepy sleeping problems : common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people sleepy or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth difficulty in swallowing too much saliva and needles or tingling sensation in your hands or feet feeling nervous , problems with your muscle , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet feeling dizzy , headache , spinning sensation , vertigo , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 feeling dizzy , headache , taste disturbance , vertigo , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 , taste disturbance , vertigo , abnormal muscle movements , difficulty with sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 abnormal sense of taste , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 abnormal sense of taste muscle spasms , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal muscle movement , feeling anxious or feeling anxious , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 abnormal dreams muscle spasms , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 feeling confused , feeling more hungry or having difficulty in sleeping muscle pain , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 feeling more hungry or feeling less hungry than normal or needing to pass urine more often feeling more feeling feeling feeling unwell , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 , excessive sweating muscle cramps , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 increased muscle tension , tingling , or numbness of the hands , feet , dry mouth 37 increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ) 37 feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), ringing in the ears ( tinnitus )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , swelling of the face or lips , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or pain , itching , itching , rash , muscle pain or muscle pain . liver disorders ( rash , peeling skin and fever ) have been reported . the frequency of these side effects is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately : - if you experience fever , chills , swelling of the face or lips , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or pain , itching , itching , rash , muscle pain , muscle pain or muscle pain ( redness and fever ) - fever ( pyrexia ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , skin rash , itching , rash , muscle pain , muscle weakness , - abnormal liver function tests , - rash , peeling skin and skin reactions . - allergic reactions such as fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - infection of the stomach ( gastritis ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching or rash - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests ( e . g ., fever , peeling , skin rash ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills and sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) - fever - chills - sunburn ( urticaria ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , skin rash , itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests - rash - peeling of the skin - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - chills - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) - fever , chills and sunburn - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , skin rash , itching , rash , muscle pain , and muscle pain . - changes in the way things taste . - heartburn . - peeling skin . - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills , sunburn , rash ). - muscle pain . - muscle pain . - increased liver enzymes in the blood . - rash . - peeling skin . - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills and sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) and / or itching contact section 2 . - if you experience an allergic reaction , including rashes and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or fever , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin "). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ), high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , bloody stools ( nausea ), stomach pain , indigestion , passing wind ( flatulence ), indigestion , mouth ulcers , indigestion , mouth ulcers , indigestion , joint pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ( erectile dysfunction ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations ( fast heart rate ), high blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , cough , throat irritation , stomach discomfort , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , indigestion , stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , indigestion , stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , nausea , joint pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of peripheral oedema ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , mouth ulcers , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , pain , itching , generalised itching back pain , back pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , pain in your arms or legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) in patients with parkinson ' s disease , feeling less hungry than usual , joint swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , intestinal pain , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , pain , itching , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , pain in your arms and / or legs , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood , feeling less hungry . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , passing wind ( flatulence ), stomach discomfort , inflammation or itching of the skin , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , pain in your arms and / or legs ( may be signs of peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach , intestinal pain , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , pain , itching , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , back pain , pain in your arms and / or legs ( may be signs of peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach , intestinal pain , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , pain , itching , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , pain in your arms and / or legs ( may be signs of blood clots in the blood vessels of the heart ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , throat irritation ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require immediate medical attention . in some cases , some may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , this could be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your spleen and needs urgent medical attention . your doctor may decide to carry out if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm . - if you develop pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - cough , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of a spleen . - diarrhoea , feeling sick , fatigue , bruising or bleeding . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your dose . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your dose or give your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your dose or give your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your dose or give your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your dose or give your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your dose or give your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your dose or give your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your dose . low number of red blood cells and white blood cells ( neutrophils and neutropenia ) and a decrease in the number of an_infection involved in your blood . this can be caused by a decrease in some white blood cells ( neutrophils and neutropenia ) and a fever may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have a combination of any of these symptoms , such as : chills , chills , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the abdomen ( anaphylaxis ), anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ), cough , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of diarrhoea , feeling sick , fatigue , bruising or bleeding . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your dose . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment . your doctor will check your blood tests before and during your treatment .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) - these may be signs of liver problems ( see also section 2 . - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or diarrhoea ( see also section 2 . - if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in riluzole_zentiva appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( injection site pain , swelling and itching ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness feeling jittery ( vertigo ) low blood pressure . injection site reactions ( including bruising , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( pyrexia ) fever ( pyrexia ) fever fever ( pyrexia ) 18 more than usual these may occur . these side effects can become severe . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , diarrhoea , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , 50 50 flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , cough , flu - like symptoms , headache , flu - like illness , headache , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , increased sweating , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , skin rash , rash ( itching ) 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , headache , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , increased sweating , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , skin rash , rash ( itching ) 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , headache , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , increased sweating , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , skin rash , rash ( itching ) 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , muscle pain , back pain , pain in limb . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , increased sweating , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , rash , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu , flu - like illness , weight gain , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , upset stomach , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , skin rash , itching ( itching ) 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , headache , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , increased sweating , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , skin rash , rash ( itching ) 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , inflammation of the sinuses ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , increased sweating , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , rash , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu , flu - like illness , weight gain , cough , flu like illness , abdominal pain , upset stomach , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , skin rash , itching ( itching ) 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , headache , flu-like_illness , constipation , abdominal pain , inflammation of the lining of the stomach or mouth , heartburn , diarrhoea , dry mouth , skin rash , rash , dry skin , itching ( itching ) 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , inflammation of the sinuses ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , increased sweating , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , rash , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu , flu - like illness , weight gain , cough , flu like illness , abdominal pain , upset stomach , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching ( itching ) 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu like illness , joint pain , back pain , pain in limb . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , increased sweating , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu , flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu like illness , flu - like illness , weight gain , cough , flu like illness , abdominal pain , inflammation of
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and / or tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , pain , swelling , redness or soreness at the site of injection . injection site reactions , such as fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea , and / or diarrhoea . the signs may include : fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea , and / or diarrhoea . the signs may include : pain , redness , soreness , swelling or pain in your hands or feet . respiratory disorders such as : irritability , seizures , fever , flu like illness ( e . g . cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , joint pain , swelling , pain , redness , soreness , swelling or pain at the infusion site ), soreness , bruising , swelling , pain and tenderness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling or groin in your groin or armpits , damage to damage to the body . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of a liver problem such as yellowing of your body or the whites of your body , yellow colour of your body , bloody stools , stools or bloody stools , or severe stomach pain , severe rash , red or purple spots on the skin ( agranulocytosis ), vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired or tired ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , feeling tired , feeling tired , tired or tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience tiredness . sore throat . nose bleeds . shingles , such as vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired or tired . signs of low blood sugar : common : fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers . common ( may affect up to anaemia) in boils people ): abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , burning sensation feeling tired or tired , tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience tiredness . sore throat . nose bleeds . shingles , such as vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired or tired . signs of low blood sugar : common : fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers . common ( may affect up to anaemia) in boils people ) gastrointestinal disorders , such as indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , burning sensation feeling tired or tired , tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience tiredness . sore throat . nose bleeds . shingles , such as vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired or tired . signs of low blood sugar : common : fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers . common ( may affect up to anaemia) in boils people ) gastrointestinal disorders , indigestion , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , swelling of the face , feeling tired , tired or tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience tiredness . sore throat . nose bleeds . shingles , such as vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired or tired . signs of low blood sugar : common : fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers . common ( may affect up to anaemia) in boils people ) gastrointestinal disorders , indigestion , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , swelling of the face , feeling tired , tired or tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience tiredness . sore throat . nose bleeds . shingles , such as vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired or tired . signs of low blood sugar : common : fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers . common ( may affect up to anaemia) in boils people ) gastrointestinal disorders , indigestion , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , swelling of the arms or legs , feeling tired , tired or tingling or numbness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience tiredness . sore throat . nose bleeds . shingles , such as vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , headache , muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) hyperglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor straight away : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness . allergic reactions may occur . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). some side effects could be serious ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ). some side effects could be serious . some side effects may be serious ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you have a cough , hunger or other signs of infection such as : - rash or hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . angioedema ). the frequency of these side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion , so it is important to contact your doctor immediately . if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : cold sweat , headache , chills , sore throat or burning_pain arm or leg ache , feeling weak or tired , having difficulty in walking or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your neck and needs urgent medical attention . if you have any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have any of the above or combination of the following side effects : headache , sickness , chills , sore mouth or mouth ulcers , which may be signs of irritation in the stomach or intestines , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , feeling less hungry , feeling less hungry or having difficulty in walking , or difficulty in walking or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the neck is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including rash , itching , hives ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or low blood pressure ( signs of liver problems ) - difficulty in breathing and / or hives ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired ( tired ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - vomiting - stomach pain - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - tiredness - weakness - tiredness - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach ache - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach ache - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or tiredness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache stomach ache feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching of the skin very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the mouth or in the mouth , nose , genitals and eyes , being sick ( vomiting ), tiredness and loss of appetite . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen or in the stomach , stomach or intestine ( e . g . low_levels_of_electrolytes , your intestine ) weight gain , rash , extreme tiredness ( fatigue ), abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen or stomach ( intestine ), weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , flu like illness , excessive sweating , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or stomach , stomach or intestine , change in the colour of your stomach or intestine , weight gain , rash , itching of the skin ( pruritus ), abdominal pain , pain in the stomach or abdomen , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache , flu like illness , swollen abdomen , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or stomach , stomach or intestine , change in the colour of your stomach or bowel , weight gain , rash , itching of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause abdominal pain and stomach pain , as well as pain in the abdomen and back . weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , flu like illness , swollen abdomen , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or stomach , stomach or intestine , increase in the amount of magnesium in your blood , low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of these side effects . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness or drowsy in the arms and / or legs ( feeling sick ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , ulcers in the stomach or stomach , stomach or intestine , change in the colour of your stomach or bowel , weight gain , rash , itching ( pruritus ), loss of appetite , pain in your abdomen or muscles , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , flu like illness , swollen abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or stomach , stomach or intestine , increase in the amount of some liver enzymes in your blood ( e . g . magnesium , calcium , phosphate ) liver enzymes , increased blood levels of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in your blood . weight gain . headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsy or drowsy , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen or stomach , stomach or intestine , change in your sense of taste , loss of taste . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the amount of magnesium in your blood ( e . g . magnesium , calcium ) or phosphate in the blood . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of these side effects . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsy and / or feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen or in the stomach , stomach or intestine , as well as blood in stools and / or weight gain . some side effects are uncommon . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache , flu like illness , swollen abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the amount of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the thigh bone . - skin reactions ( burning and stinging ) and / or a feeling of heat in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , tingling sensation , stinging on the surface of the eye , blurred vision , swelling of the eyelid , blurred vision , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling jittery . some side effects could be serious . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , changes in electrocardiogram , nightmare , difficulty in sleeping , eye redness , eye swelling , light sensitivity , watery eyes , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach mouth , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling jittery . some side effects could be serious . if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain . increased blood pressure . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) eye disorders . eye changes , eye irritation , eye swelling , light sensitivity , light sensitivity , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling jittery . some side effects could be serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as hives , nettle skin rash , itchy skin , hives , nettle skin rash and / or difficulty breathing ( see also section 2 . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in gefitinib_mylan appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . 0 28 ( 0 ) can cause your body to retain enough oxygen . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the side effects above , or if you notice any of the side effects above , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath or speaking in your tongue . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and dizziness . symptoms of urinary tract infection such as diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness , burning , burning or pain in the hands and lips , and / or a feeling of pain in the hands or lips , and / or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness , burning , burning and / or pain in the hands and lips , and / or a feeling of pain in the cheeks and / or mucous membranes . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness , burning , burning and / or pain in the hands and lips , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), blurred vision , blurred vision . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , such as burning or numbness , burning or burning sensation in the hands and lips . this may occur on the face , lips , tongue or tongue . this may cause numbness , burning , pain , headache , feeling sick ( nausea ) and blurred vision . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs , which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or mouth . you may also have early signs of numbness , burning , pain , headache , feeling sick ( nausea ) and blurred vision . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , such as burning or numbness , burning or burning sensation in the hands and lips . this may occur on the face , lips , tongue or tongue . this may cause numbness , burning , pain , headache , feeling sick ( nausea ) and blurred vision . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , such as burning , numbness , burning , speaking , and / or pain in the hands and lips . blood clots in parts of your body . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , such as burning , numbness , burning , speaking , and / or pain in the hands and lips . skin reactions at the injection site . injection site reactions ( such as pain , burning , pain and headache ), headache , feeling sick ( nausea ), blurred vision . blurred vision . pain or pain at the injection site . headache . feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection . burning or numbness , burning or burning sensation in the hands and feet . local reactions at the injection site , including injection site pain , injection site reactions . injection site reactions ( including pain , burning
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of fever , sore throat or coughing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - severe allergic reactions : - fever and chills ; - loss of appetite ; - loss of appetite ; - hair loss ; - skin reddening ; - skin rash ; - difficulty in breathing ; - blood in the urine ; - artery in the urine ; - back in your hands or anus ( symptoms may include heart_failure , heart_failure or dark urine , feeling sick , weight loss or weight gain ). other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), - indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , - rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , - muscle pain . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion ( constipation ), - constipation , dry mouth , hair loss , - rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion or flatulence ( flatulence ), - constipation , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin rash , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects with fotivda : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin rash , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin rash , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry_mouth , constipation , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin rash , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin rash , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , dry_mouth , constipation , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin rash , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , lethargy ( feeling sick ), being sick ( indigestion ), indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , skin rash , dry skin , acne , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare side effect . it may affect up to 1 in some_hiv_medicines people . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness or hands of the arm or feet . these symptoms may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma ; joint and muscle pain ; and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood enzymes , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rash ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; low blood pressure ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rash ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone and bone pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) redness , itching , pain , swelling and redness at the injection site , discomfort , abdominal pain , low blood pressure ( shown in tests ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) feeling sick ( nausea ) discomfort in the stomach or intestine ( these may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) redness , itching , pain , swelling or redness of the skin ( may occur in up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called electrocardiogram ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a blood clot in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) in your mouth or throat , which may be accompanied by swelling , leg pain , spasms or spasms . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your chest with or without difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect , which may affect more than the_injection in the_injection , such as fever and chills , flu like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , a feeling of general discomfort , fever , chills , weakness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . these may be signs of bruising , bleeding , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . these may be signs of bruising , bleeding or bruising . this could be a sign of a rare severe situation . if you experience any of these , please seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems : if you have weakness , fever and other flu like symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes breathing difficulties , fever and chills . flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough . these could be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes fever and chills flu - like symptoms , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , which can appear as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by weakness and fever . flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough . these could be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes severe pain in the abdomen , back , abdomen , chest and abdomen and can be preceded by weakness and fever . flu - like symptoms , which can be life - threatening . flu - like symptoms , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using ambirix if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , sore throat or cough . these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes fever and chills . flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough . signs of a type of rash such as sore throat , cough , chills , sore throat or cough . signs of a high temperature such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough . signs of a reaction such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe cough , flu - like symptoms , which can appear as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using ambirix if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have weakness , fever and other flu like symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes severe pain in
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . symptoms of allergic reactions ( rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing or coughing or loss of consciousness ) or fainting , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness ) or fainting . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as you may need urgent medical treatment : headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying and loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the following side effects have been observed with bexsero : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , injection site reactions ) headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions ( including rash , red skin , fingers , or fingers ) and feeling generally unwell . 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) seizures ( fits ) 23 rare ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel_accord may be increased when docetaxel teva is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . allergic reactions may occur . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face , itching , or difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chills or flushing ( low blood pressure ). these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . the hospital staff may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with docetaxel_accord . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the face or face , itching , or difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chills or flushing ( low blood pressure ). these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the frequency of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased number of white blood cells or red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , difficulty_breathing , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chills , flushing and flushing ) low blood pressure may occur . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chills or flushing ( low blood pressure ) more severe reactions may occur . if you experience an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the frequency of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . the frequency of these side effects cannot be estimated from the available data . itching ( palms of the palms of your hands or soles of the feet ). if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash , chest pain or discomfort while being treated with intuniv . other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - headache ( fatigue ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - constipation - abdominal pain - headache ( fatigue ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( gastroenteritis ) - stomach pain ( gastroenteritis ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) - pain in stomach ( abdomen ) - pain in stomach ( abdomen ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) ( asthenia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - blood tests may show : - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - high blood pressure - rash - itching ( pruritis ) - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - rash or itching ( pruritis ) - low blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing - nausea ( diarrhoea ) - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach ( intestine ) pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing - stomach_pain - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , 29 - stomach pain , - rash , itching - hives ( pruritis ) - high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing - diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing - diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - nausea , vomiting , 29 - stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - high blood sugar - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - nausea , vomiting , 29 - stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - low blood sugar - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - nausea , vomiting , 29 - stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - low blood sugar - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - nausea , vomiting , 29 - stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - low blood sugar - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increase in liver enzymes - nausea - vomiting 29 - stomach pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - 29 - nausea ( vomiting ) 29 - stomach pain - low blood sugar - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - low blood sugar - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - low blood sugar - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - low blood sugar - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - low blood sugar - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting 29 - stomach pain - low blood sugar - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - low blood sugar - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - nausea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following early symptoms : rash , flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of fainting . severe allergic reactions ( hives ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 1 in 100 patients ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and diarrhoea ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , drowsiness , drowsiness ) - dizziness , dizziness , drowsiness . - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - injection site reactions , such as vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , dizziness , drowsiness . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , drowsiness ), - dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ). - vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness ). - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness or drowsiness . - chest pain . - swelling of the throat . - nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness . - general feeling of being unwell . - dizziness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness or drowsiness . - chest pain . - swelling of the throat . - nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness . - injection site reactions . - dizziness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness or drowsiness . - chest pain . - swelling of the throat . - nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness . - injection site reactions . - dizziness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness or drowsiness . - chest pain . - swelling of the throat . - nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss or drowsiness . - dizziness . - drowsiness . - injection site reactions . - dizziness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness or drowsiness . - chest pain . - swelling of the throat . - nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness . - injection site reactions . - dizziness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness or drowsiness . - chest pain . - swelling of the throat . - nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain or drowsiness . - dizziness . - drowsiness . - injection site reactions . - dizziness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness . - drowsiness .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain . back pain . 68 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased cholesterol levels in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) cardiac arrest ( palpitations ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 68 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or hepatitis ( drug reactions with drowsiness , dizziness , feeling sick , nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or in the number of blood platelets ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 - feeling very tired - drowsiness - weakness , chills , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to urinate more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal or needing to pass urine more often than normal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat ) have been reported in men . if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , abdominal pain , swelling , redness and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) abdominal pain . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) swelling and redness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion , so it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : headache , sickness ( vomiting ), nausea , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers of your mouth , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting ( loose stools ) or chills , headache , a metallic taste in your mouth or mouth , chills , headache , increase in sexual drive . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking blitzima . if you have stopped taking medicines for any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : - headache - sickness ( vomiting ) - nausea or diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - chills - headache - a metallic smell in your stomach or intestines . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - headache , or sickness , - vomiting , - nausea , - diarrhoea , - pain in your abdomen or muscles , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - headache , - a metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than infection_common_side_effects in 10 people ) - infusion - related reactions , including infusion site reactions ( e . g . pneumonia and / or paracetamol ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : headache , sickness ( vomiting ), nausea , diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives , itching and itching ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): liver failure , which may be fatal . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the face ) have also been reported . some side effects could be serious . if you experience any of these , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat and fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , diarrhoea and nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including dizziness , headache , diarrhoea and nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_hcs . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in very_rare_side_effects people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; blood clots in blood vessels . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing - this may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain ( redness and swelling ) - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of allergy ( which may include a serious allergic reaction ) - swelling of the face or throat - swelling of the face or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin - a reaction called " sepsis " ( a rare blood cancer that may cause a reduction in the number of red blood cells ) shown in blood tests - an increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face or throat - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin - a reaction called " sepsis " ( a rare blood cancer that may cause a life - threatening form of a condition called dress ). - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which may be life - threatening . signs include : - swelling of the face or throat - swelling of the face or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin - a reaction called " sepsis " ( a rare blood cancer that may cause a life - threatening form of infection ). - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which may be life - threatening . signs include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which may be life - threatening . signs include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in the number of some liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which may be life - threatening . - a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) blindness , numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . your doctor will tell you what to do if you experience any of these effects . other possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . your doctor will tell you what to do if you experience these effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - runny nose - sneezing , sore throat - runny nose - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or coughing - voice alteration ( sinus congestion ) - runny nose - sneezing - headache - pain in the upper left part of the hands or lips if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - runny nose - sneezing , sore throat - runny nose - difficulty in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - runny nose - sneezing - headache - pain in arms and / or legs - back pain - sneezing - headache - pain in arms and legs - muscle pain ( musculoskeletal pain ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure - candidiasis - high or low blood sugar - muscle pain - skin rash - rash - abnormal blood test results for liver function reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with zyllt '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with zyllt '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking zyllt . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until swelling ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until swelling ); rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your muscles with or without difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a slight decrease in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , pain , headache , stomach ache , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in the levels of enzymes produced by the muscles ( called transaminases ) in the muscles ( transaminases ). allergic reactions such as skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in the levels of enzymes produced by the liver ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) allergic reaction ( rash ) rash . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 'hives in liver people : rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . talk to your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the brain or the area between the genitals and the genitals . this could be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness and / or redness tell your doctor if you notice any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) stop taking nespo and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) seizures may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking nespo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood ), rash , night sweats , muscle spasm , pain in the eyelid ( cornea ), back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests , tiredness , shivering , chest pain , increased blood levels of liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in the blood , rash , night sweats , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may occur uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash , itching ( darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ), which may be accompanied by pain , redness , numb or numb skin , or sores in the mouth , soles of your feet , or numb , numb , numb or numb palms of hands and soles of your feet , numb , numb or numb hands and / or feet ( sores of the hands or feet ), numb , numb or numb arm and / or feeling tired or numb ( especially in the hands , feet or feet ), feeling numb or numb ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , soles of your feet , which may cause numb or numb ( paraesthesia ), swelling of the hands , soles of feet , soles of feet , which may cause pain , swelling or redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may occur regardless of pain , swelling , redness or itching ) in the palms of hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by pain , swelling and redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may occur regardless of pain , swelling , redness or itching ) in the palms of hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by pain , swelling and redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may occur regardless of pain , swelling , redness , itching ) the following side effects have been observed with digestive_enzymes : very common ( may affect more than skin-reaction in hand people ) pain , swelling , redness or itching of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may occur on a pain , swelling , redness or numb ) in the hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the palms of your feet , numb , numb , or numb ) change in the colour of your nails , which may be accompanied by pain and redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the palms of your feet or feet ). this may relate to a problem with your spleen . pain , swelling and redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the palms of your feet or feet ). this may relate to a problem with your spleen . pain , swelling and redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the palms of your feet or feet ). this may relate to a problem with your spleen . pain , swelling and redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the palms of your feet or feet ). this may relate to a problem with your spleen . pain , swelling and redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the palms of your feet or feet ). this may relate to a problem with your spleen . pain , swelling and redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the palms of your feet or feet ). this may relate to a problem with your spleen . pain , swelling and redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the palms of your feet , which may be accompanied by pain , swelling and redness ) in the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and feet . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - allergic reactions ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing or indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain or constipation , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - increased levels of liver enzymes . - muscle pain , back pain or cramps , - painful or painful urination , or numbness ( asthenia ), - back pain , abdominal pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle cramps , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), - muscle cramp , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle cramps , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ). - common : - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle cramps , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), - abdominal pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle cramps , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), - abdominal pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle cramps , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), - abdominal pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle cramps , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), - abdominal pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle cramps , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), - abdominal pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - stomach pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle cramps , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), - abdominal pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - stomach pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - loss of appetite , - muscle pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle cramps , numbness or tingling ( paraesthesia ), - back pain , abdominal pain , - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - stomach pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - stomach pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - stomach pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( wind ), - abdominal pain , - indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , - indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , - indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or wheezing , sweating and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of a severe allergic reaction called pancreatitis ). this may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) if you get any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or cough - shortness of breath - this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( pancreatitis ). this may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking jentadueto and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact your doctor immediately if you experience shortness of breath , wheezing , cough and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of a severe allergic reaction called pancreatitis ). this may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact your doctor immediately if you experience shortness of breath , wheezing , cough and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of a severe allergic reaction called pancreatitis ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . other side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) symptoms of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . other side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) symptoms of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , wheezing or sweating . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , and / or tiredness . these may be signs of tiredness . stomach ( abdominal ) pain . your doctor will test for these changes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) weight gain feeling tired . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : weight gain feeling tired ( fatigue ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat ) vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . chest pain ( oedema ), swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( oedema . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clots in the small blood vessels of the eye ( pulmonary embolism ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_mylan . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in very_rare_side_effects people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; joint pain ; blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking cuts if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever ( feeling tired ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you have an allergic reaction , which may include difficulty in breathing or wheezing , wheezing or shortness of breath or fainting . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect of rapiscan is a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), headache , sleepiness , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 - dizziness , headache , paleness , dizziness , shortness of breath , feeling tired or discomfort , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( feeling sick ), vomiting , vomiting , fluttering of the skin , swelling of the face or hands , feet and / or throat ( may cause difficulty in swallowing or shortness of breath ), shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 feeling tired , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , feeling tired , becoming easily , or pain in your cheeks or arms , nausea and / or facial discomfort , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye swelling , swelling of the nose , swelling of the throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat . difficulty in swallowing . swelling of the eyelid . blurred vision . swelling of the eyelid . dizziness . affect the back of the nose have been reported . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of fluenz : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye swelling , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye discharge , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( sinusitis ), runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking sifrol and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache , anxiety , sleep disturbance , amnesia ( loss of memory ), confusion , difficulty in sleeping ( hallucinations ), slow heart rate ( hallucinations ), feeling of tiredness ( fatigue ), tiredness ( asthenia ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache , anxiety , abnormal dreams , amnesia ( loss of memory ), hallucinations , difficulty in sleeping , confusion , panic attack , confusion , abnormal mood , confusion , depressed mood ( insomnia ), confusion , mood swings , confusion , excessive gas in the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ), weight loss and decreased appetite ( hypotension ), this is a low level of phosphate in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache , anxiety , abnormal dreams , amnesia ( loss of memory ), hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) confusion , loss of appetite , confusion , tiredness ( fatigue ), abnormal dreams , hallucinations ( difficulty in sleeping ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache , anxiety , abnormal dreams , amnesia ( loss of memory ), confusion , depressed mood , confusion , panic attack , confusion , abnormal thinking , confusion , panic attack , confusion , excessive gas in the hands or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ), weight loss or hypotension ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache , anxiety , abnormal dreams , amnesia ( memory disturbance ), hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion , - fits ( seizures ), - confusion , - fits ( fits ), - confusion ( seeing or hearing things that are not really there ) - weight loss ( hypotension ), - blood tests may show : - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting , restlessness , taste disturbance , weight loss , decreased appetite , inflammation of the urinary tract ( hiccups ) and hiccups ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache , anxiety , abnormal dreams , amnesia ( memory disturbance ), - hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion , - fits ( seizures ), - confusion , - fits ( fits ), - fits ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - weight loss , - hypotension ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache , anxiety , abnormal dreams , amnesia ( memory disturbance ), - hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion , - fits ( seizures ), - confusion , - fits ( fits ), - fits ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - weight loss , - hypotension ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache , anxiety , abnormal dreams , amnesia ( memory disturbance ), - hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion , - fits ( seizures ), - confusion , - fits ( fits ), - fits ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - weight loss , - hypotension ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache , anxiety , abnormal dreams , amnesia ( memory disturbance ), - hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion , - fits ( seizures ), - confusion , - fits ( fits ), - fits ( e .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache ( feeling of spinning ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) headache back pain ( common cold ) headache , back pain , back pain , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure and rash . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) rash . increased blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking levetiracetam_actavis and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away , as if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your mouth with or without difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of rash , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , sleepiness , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the hands , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of body temperature a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions ( hives , hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions ( hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . ema ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( hypertension ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache upper abdominal pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure ( dizziness , headache , headache , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in the arms or legs ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure , cough , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , tingling , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , rash , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , swelling , itchy or itchy skin , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation , dizziness , numbness , tingling , vomiting , vomiting , constipation , nausea , nausea , nausea , rash , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , swelling ( itchy , itchy rash , back pain , feeling tired , constipation ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite , confusion , decreased sexual drive , problems with sexual functioning , breast muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood , confusion , decreased sex drive , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood , confusion , decreased sex drive , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood , confusion , decreased sex drive , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling of weakness and fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood , confusion , decreased sexual drive , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling of weakness or fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood , confusion , decreased sexual drive , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling of weakness or fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood , confusion , decreased sexual drive , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling of weakness or fatigue ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood , confusion , decreased sexual drive , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing or breathing - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or wheezing tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of the stomach or stomach stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to
