like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , pain and fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) may increase the level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness and shortness of breath which may be accompanied by dehydration ( low red blood cell count ), vomiting , nausea . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , yellow skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) rash , red skin with blisters on the lips , eyes , and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than foot % of the anus ( gout ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration ( low red blood cell count ) - tiredness - fainting - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - itching - rash - dark coloured urine or retina on the back of the eye ( foot ) - a feeling of foot in the stomach or foot ( a urinary tract ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( gout ) - gout uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fainting - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - itching - rash - dark coloured urine or retina on the back of the eye ( foot ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( foot ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( foot ) - gout ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your lungs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - rash , peeling skin , hives ( urticaria ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( rash , peeling skin , or foot ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : - rash with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than foot % of the anus ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - swelling of the face , lips and tongue ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than foot % of the 100 ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells in your blood - vomiting - nausea uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fainting - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - itching - rash - dark coloured urine or retina on the back of the eye ( foot ) - inflammation of the gel - like substance inside the eye ( foot ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( gout ) - gout uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your lungs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - rash , peeling skin , hives ( urticaria ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( rash , peeling skin and / or peeling of the skin ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( a type of rash and a rash on the skin ) and peeling skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a widespread rash with peeling skin , particularly around
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any of the following , contact your doctor immediately . liver problems ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking zinbryta and tell your doctor immediately . liver problems ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( death . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs of colds : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( including eyes and eyes ) stomach pain , eczema , dark urine , liver function tests , liver function tests ( these may be signs of a decrease in the number of red blood cells or lymphocytes ) in the blood . the symptoms include : eczema ( eczema ), stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset stomach or liver_enzymes . your doctor will tell you what to do if you get any of the signs above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 10 , 000 patients and less than 1 in 10 , 000 patients and less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 10 , 000 patients and less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too very common side effect ) hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you have a seizure , which could be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( hypoglycaemia ). this is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the following symptoms : swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ) stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of rash , itchy skin , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood rash , hair loss , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , and increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes ( see section 2 ). rash , itchy skin , low blood pressure and fast heartbeat . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): − stomach pain ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; stomach pain ; abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; hair loss ∑ increased liver enzymes in the blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; rash ; hair loss ∑ increased liver enzymes in your blood ∑ increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; anaphylactic reaction ; coma ; this is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include : o swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat ; feeling dizzy or sweating ; anaphylactic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; stomach pain ; abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; hair loss ∑ increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; anaphylactic shock ; coma ; the following reactions have been reported with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of anaphylactic reaction : difficulty in breathing and feeling dizzy or feeling dizzy ; sweating or anaphylactic reaction ; other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; stomach pain ; abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; hair loss ∑ increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; anaphylactic reaction ; coma ; this is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of anaphylactic reaction ( difficulty in breathing , feeling dizzy , nausea , vomiting ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash , itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash , itchy skin ; low levels of liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy skin ; anaphylactic reaction ( e . g . coma , generalised itching , anaphylactic reaction and coma ); this is a very rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms of anaphylactic reaction ( difficulty in breathing , feeling dizzy , nausea , vomiting )
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects straight away : if you notice any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , injection site reactions , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bruising , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizzy , itching , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . feeling sick ( being sick ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , and / or feeling sick ( being sick ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , and / or feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , and flu . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) vaccine , feeling dizzy , headache , stomach pain , feeling sick or sick , stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , and / or feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , and / or feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get inflammation such as bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . injection site reactions such as itching , urticaria , hives , inflammation and bruising ( vasculitis ). allergic reactions ( including skin rashes , joint pain , joint pain , muscle and encephalomyelitis ) and inflammation of the central nervous system ( vasculitis ). inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle problems such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), or paralysis ( guillain - barré syndrome , inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle problems such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), paralysis of the small or spots in your vision ( vasculitis ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle problems such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), paralysis of the central nervous system ( vasculitis ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle problems ( encephalomyelitis ). inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , vasculitis ) may be severe and could lead to vasculitis . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with miglustat dipharma . talk to your doctor if you experience pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection site . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache injection site reactions , such as redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bruising , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . common : stomach pain , feeling sick or being sick , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , and / or feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , and / or pain in extremity . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) vaccine , feeling dizzy , headache , stomach pain , feeling sick or sick , stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , and / or feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience inflammation such as bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . injection site reactions such as itching , urticaria , hives , inflammation and bruising ( vasculitis ). allergic reactions ( including skin rashes , joint pain , joint pain , muscle and encephalomyelitis ) and inflammation of the central nervous system ( vasculitis ). inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle problems such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), or paralysis ( guillain - barré syndrome , inflammation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported . if you experience symptoms such as difficulty breathing , itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or stinging , swelling of the face with difficulty breathing ( hypersensitivity ), which could be a sign of serious side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or itching at the injection site , or swelling at the injection site may occur . if you notice any of the above symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild to moderate . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - signs of pain , swelling , itching or itching of the body ( angioedema ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - this may be a sign of serious allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - coughing up blood - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical treatment : - itching , reddening of the skin , pain , swelling , redness or reactions of the skin ( angioedema ), - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as itching , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a condition called " capillary leak syndrome which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have any of the following symptoms seek medical advice immediately : angioedema ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or a painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a feeling of fullness in the stomach ( angina pectoris ) common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irregular heart beat faster heart beat high blood pressure nasal congestion hoarseness . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : blurred vision increase in the amount of sugar in the blood . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : blurred vision increase in the number of a type of white blood cell ( granulocytopaenia ) in your blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) glaucoma ( difficulty in breathing , or chest pain ) urinary retention ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe allergic reaction , which may include swelling of your face or throat , severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory infections common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects that may be seen during treatment with tremfya : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - serious allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - skin rash , hives - severe itching of the skin with a red rash or raised bumps some side effects could be serious . - some side effects could be serious . - if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headaches , fainting , joint pain , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage , bruising , discolouration or infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( e . g . platelets , blood clots , platelets ) and bruising . tumour lysis syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). infection of the blood vessels ( e . g . in the number of red blood cells ). reduced kidney function ( renal function ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headaches , fainting , and joint pain . bruising or bleeding at the injection site . general disorders : nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness . tiredness , fainting . fluid retention ( bruising ) at the site of injection . general disorders : discolouration and bruising . bleeding in the brain . fluid retention . nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite . dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet . fluid retention . nose bleeds . nausea , vomiting . decreased appetite . dizziness . fainting . fluid retention ( bruising ) at the site of injection . general disorders : discolouration and bruising . bleeding in the brain . fluid retention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite . dizziness . headaches . fainting . loss of bladder movements . bruising . increased sweating . increased sweating . bleeding from the brain . general disorders : - bruising and discolouration . infection of the blood vessels . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite . dizziness . fainting . fainting . loss of bladder movements . bruising . increased sweating . increased sweating . bleeding from the brain . general disorders : - bruising and discolouration . infection of the blood vessels . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . fainting . fainting . sensation of heart beat ( bruising ). swelling of legs and feet . fluid retention . nose bleeds . nausea , vomiting . decreased appetite . dizziness . fainting . fluid retention ( bruising ) at the site of injection . general disorders : discolouration and bruising . bleeding in the brain . fluid retention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite . dizziness . fainting . fainting . loss of bladder movements . bruising . increased sweating . increased sweating . bleeding from the brain . general disorders : shortness of breath , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness . tiredness , fainting . fluid retention ( bruising ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , fluid retention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet . fluid retention . nose bleeds . nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness . tiredness , fainting . fluid retention ( bruising ). bleeding at the injection site . general disorders : discolouration and bruising . bleeding in the brain . fluid retention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite . dizziness . fainting . fainting . loss of bladder movements . bruising . increased sweating . increased sweating . swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . fluid retention . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased bruising . bleeding or bruising at the site of injection . fluid retention . nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite . dizziness . fainting . fainting . loss of bladder movements . bruising . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased bleeding at the site of injection . general disorders : shortness of breath , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness . tiredness , fainting . fluid retention ( bruising ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . fluid retention
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and side_effects . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people swelling of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid and / or mucous membranes which may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irritation or irritation in the eyelid heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation and irritation of the lining of the nose and throat , blood clots in the small blood vessels in the skin ( retinal vascular occlusion ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in the blood ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in the blood ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); jaundice ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in the blood ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); jaundice ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( a yellow skin rash ); rashes ; itching ; sensation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects which may affect more than 1 in 10 people are : decrease in blood pressure , difficulty in sleeping , trembling , headache , increased blood pressure , liver function tests , diarrhoea , nausea ( kidney problems ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased cholesterol in the blood , decreased appetite , increased acidity in the blood , decreased appetite . increased acidity of the white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), nausea , confusion , disorientation , depression , mood changes , nightmare , hallucination , loss of consciousness , changes in consciousness , tingling and numbness ( sometimes painful ) in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders : blurred vision , increased eye pressure , changes in vision including tunnel vision , bleeding in your eyes , reduced vision , bleeding in your eyes , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in your eyes , reduced blood flow to the heart , reduced or reduced blood pressure , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and eyes , liver injury , damage to the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , liver injury , damage to the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , liver injury , damage to the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , liver injury , damage to the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , liver injury , problems with the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , liver injury , damage to the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , liver injury , problems with the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , pain in the joints , flu - like illness , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes , liver injury , problems with the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , pain in the joints , flu - like illness , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools - bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes , liver injury , problems with the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching , change in liver function tests , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools - bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes , liver injury , problems with the liver , itching ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth or any combination of blood disorders , which may be severe and could lead to death . if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common side effects are headache , dizziness , symptoms of fever , fatigue , shortness of breath , wheezing and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) with signs such as pain , swelling , hives , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( in more than 7 % of patients ) but at the injection site with symptoms such as rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , and / or sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue . - dizziness , headache , fever and nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ) with signs such as rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ) but usually include : rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat . this could be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ) but usually include : rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . if this happens to you , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache , fever and nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ) but the reaction can cause rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . this may cause a rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( at least 7 in 7 % of patients ): generalised rash , feeling unwell and sudden drop in blood pressure . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following undesirable effects : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache , fever , nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . this may cause a rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( at least 7 in 7 % of patients ): generalised rash , feeling unwell and sudden drop in blood pressure . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following undesirable effects : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache , fever , nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic reactions ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ; breathing difficulties ; - swelling of the face ; - fever ; - sweating ; - lightheadedness or infection ( common ): - if you notice a skin rash ( abscess ) or sores in your mouth , hands or feet , as this may be a sign of an infection called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following , or any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( herpes infection ) - herpes infection - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) shown in blood tests - lung problems - bronchitis - pneumonia - difficult or difficult breathing - chest pain - bleeding in the stomach or intestines - diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn , constipation - mouth ulcers ( hives ) - itchy skin - change in skin colour - feeling anxious - increased sweating - increased sweating - hot flush - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - abscess - warm - red or purple spots under the skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or short of breath - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing more urine than normal ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing more urine than normal ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : 24 very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain - joint swelling ( oedema ) - numbness , abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased appetite - abnormal dreams - confusion - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - runny nose - irritation of the skin ( angioedema ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - joint stiffness - abnormal sensations in the skin ( erythema ) - muscle weakness ( asthenia ) - joint stiffness ( myalgia ) - joint stiffness ( hypertonia ) - numbness and muscle weakness ( myositis ) - abnormal dreams - decreased appetite - abnormal dreams uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - sudden onset of blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , tired , tingling or numbness . rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): abdominal pain , eczema , increased sweating , night sweats , blood in urine , kidney problems , scarring , ringing in the ears , ear pain , buzzing , numbness , tingling , prickling , prickling , migraine , migraine , vertigo , double vision , loss of hearing , buzzing , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , chest pain , cold sores , inflammation or heart_burn , heart burn , indigestion , bloating , heart burn , dry mouth , abdominal pain , indigestion , vomiting , allergic reactions , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention in your legs or lungs , muscle weakness or pain . injection site reactions : redness , swelling , inflammation , bruising . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as severe allergic reactions , which may include wheezing , breathing difficulties or symptoms , which may be symptoms of breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint , dizziness , swelling of the face and / or throat . these could be symptoms of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , increased heart rate , nose bleeds , vomiting , acid reflux , rash , itching of the skin . increase of sugar in the blood , sugar and sugar . allergic reactions , breathing difficulties , wheezing and chest pain low blood pressure . increased heart rate . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - fever - if you have any of the following symptoms : - fever , or flu - like symptoms , which may be life threatening and require treatment . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - if you have a temperature of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss and decreased appetite . - falls . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). in clinical studies and post - marketing experience , the following reactions have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain and difficulty in passing urine , increased need to pass urine . side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): cancer of the bone marrow . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , visual disturbance , back pain , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , asthma , nose bleeds , inflammation , pain , redness , swelling , itching , decreased appetite , decreased heart rate , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , ringing in the ears , dry eye , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , feeling abnormal blurred vision , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , sensation of spinning , blurred vision , blurred vision , nose bleeds , cough , asthma , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , fungal infection , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , change in your sense of taste , burning sensation , chest pain , swelling_of_the_extremities discomfort , muscle pain , pain in your extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , ear pain , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal breath , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in the skin , infection , rash , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , rash , pain in extremity , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , changes in vision including burning sensation , chest pain , swelling_of_the_extremities discomfort , muscle pain , pain in your extremities , muscle pain , joint pain or swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , ear pain , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal breath , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in the skin , infection , rash , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , abnormal sensation in the eye , rash , pain in extremity , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , changes in vision including burning sensation , chest pain , swelling_of_the_extremities discomfort , muscle pain , pain in your extremities , muscle pain , joint pain , swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , ear pain , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal breath , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in the skin , rash , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , abnormal sensation in the eye , rash , pain in extremity , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , changes in vision including burning sensation , chest pain , swelling_of_the_extremities discomfort , muscle pain , pain in your extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , ear pain , ear discomfort , sneezing , dry nose , nasal congestion , stomach discomfort , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal breath , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in the skin , rash , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , abnormal sensation in the eye , rash , pain in extremity , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood pressure , blurred vision , burning sensation , pain in the extremities , muscle pain , joint pain and swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , ear pain , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal breath , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in the skin , rash , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , abnormal sensation in the eye , rash , pain in extremity , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , changes in vision including burning sensation , chest pain , swelling_of_the_extremities discomfort , muscle pain , pain in your extremities , muscle pain , joint pain and swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or if you have any of the following , tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience fever , chills , sweating , breathing difficulties , dizziness or a fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . 75 a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin may cause your low blood sugar . shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) this can cause your body to retain water ( too much sugar in the blood ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell , fatigue , muscle spasms and pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), pain , general feeling of being unwell , weight loss , decreased appetite
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness with symptoms such as flushing , rash , feeling hot , swelling , discomfort and feeling hot . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): hypotension ( allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , dry skin , acne , swelling , and feeling hot ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects stop taking mvasi and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty breathing or chest pain - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - difficulty breathing or chest pain - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - difficulty breathing or chest pain - severe chest pain - a high temperature - feeling of tiredness or a general feeling of shivering . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking bevacizumab and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling , tenderness , pain , or blistering on the hands or feet , decreased number of red cells in the blood , lack of energy , lack of energy ( fatigue ) - thirst - thirst - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - 65 - like symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether bevacizumab must be stopped . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling , tenderness , pain , or blistering on the hands or feet , decreased number of red cells in the blood , lack of energy , lack of energy , involuntary muscle contractions , joint or joint pain , - thirst , - thirst , - reduced or reduced urine flow , - abnormal skin sensations , - muscle weakness , - thirst , - thirst , - reduced or reduced urine output , - inflammation of the mucous membranes of the mouth , - painful or difficulty swallowing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - allergic reactions the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest pain , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . other side effects with bevacizumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including serious sudden life - threatening allergic reaction , - swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - difficulty breathing or chest pain , - low blood pressure and sudden drop in blood pressure . the following side effects have been observed with bevacizumab : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood tests . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the eyes or eye , - redness of the eye , - swelling of the eyelids , eye pain , - feeling of low blood pressure and sudden death . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately when you start to experience cancer . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the eyes or eye , - swelling of the eyelids , small or spots in your vision , - eye pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , - a change in your sense of taste , - pain in your joints or side . - reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : - blood clots in the veins , which can result in increased risk of infection , which could potentially be life - threatening . - fever , chills , rapid breathing , blood in the urine , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , - acute kidney failure , - sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have any of the following symptoms or signs of infection such as fever , chills , breathlessness , cough , heart rhythm disturbances , and coughing up blood , which may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination ) - bone or muscle pain ( muscle spasm ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lightheadedness or infection in the lung , which may be signs of a serious infection called " sepsis " ( a build - up of fluid in the body ). symptoms may include : fever - chills - rapid breathing - lung infection - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - acute kidney failure - clouding of the heart - problems with your heart which could cause swelling of your ankles , feet or other parts of your skull . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , breathlessness , heart attack , coughing or coughing up blood , which may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be life - threatening . - bleeding . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone or joint pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lightheadedness or infection in the lung , which may be signs of a serious infection called " sepsis " ( a build - up of fluid in the body ). symptoms may include : fever - chills - rapid breathing - respiratory tract infection - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - sac of fluid in the abdomen , leading to narrowing of blood vessels , which may be a sign of a serious infection called " sepsis ", which might be fatal . - symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , breathlessness , heart attack , coughing and coughing up blood , which may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be life - threatening . - bleeding . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone or joint pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lightheadedness or infection in the lung , which may be signs of a serious infection called " sepsis " ( a build - up of fluid in the body ). symptoms may include : fever - chills - rapid breathing - respiratory tract infection - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - sac of fluid in the abdomen , leading to loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious infection of the urinary system ( e . g . nausea and vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - painful urination - bone or muscle pain ( muscle spasm ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lightheadedness or infection in the lung , which may be signs of a serious infection of the urinary tract ( graft versus host disease ) symptoms may include : fever - chills - rapid breathing - respiratory tract infection - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - sac of fluid in the abdomen , deep respiratory tract , narrowing of the chest , fluid around the heart - fluid collection in your lungs - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - painful urination - bone or muscle pain ( muscle spasm ) - muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lightheadedness or infection in the lung , which may be caused by a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( a build - up of fluid in the body ). symptoms may include : fever - chills - rapid breathing - lung infection - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - acute stomach pain - muscle spasm - muscle spasm
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop taking januvia and tell your doctor immediately . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , including hives , itching , rash , blistering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have had stomach ache , sitagliptin and sitagliptin in patients with metformin . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , including hives , rash , itching on the skin , peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have had stomach ache , sitagliptin and sitagliptin in patients with metformin . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like flu - like symptoms , hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have had stomach ache , sitagliptin and sitagliptin in patients with metformin . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , including hives , rash , itching on the skin , peeling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have had stomach ache , sitagliptin and sitagliptin in patients with metformin . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , including hives , rash , itching on the skin , peeling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have had stomach ache , sitagliptin and sitagliptin in patients with metformin . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , including hives , rash , itching on the skin , peeling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness , itching , bruising and swelling ) have been reported . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which might be a sign of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , itching , peeling skin , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate serious conditions such as stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or fever . - rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the symptoms may include : a rash , itching , peeling skin , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). or fever and / or treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , itching or peeling of the skin , as these may indicate serious conditions such as stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or fever . - rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the symptoms may include : a rash , itching , peeling skin , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , itching or peeling of the skin , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate serious conditions such as stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or fever . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with giotrif . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , itching and pain ( conjunctivitis ), metallic taste reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or get medical help immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath or rash . the other side effects have been reported with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , pain , pain in the eyes , loss of appetite , nausea and increased liver enzymes in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , cough , shortness of breath ( may be signs of gastrointestinal perforation ) abdominal pain rash , rash , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash , raised levels of bilirubin in the blood , rash , redness and / or pain increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ringing in the ears , ear pain , ear discomfort reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions , dizziness , rash , itchy rash ( hives ) allergic reactions ( rash , 78 . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may occur very rarely . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 , 000 ) symptoms include rash , itching or heart_attack , heart attack , rapid heart rate , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , and uneven heart beat , feeling of faintness , sweating or these symptoms may be signs of low blood pressure , which could be symptoms of low blood pressure , dizziness , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heart beat , irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , and feeling sick or sweating . these symptoms may be symptoms of low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , redness and swelling . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . if you get any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . feeling sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . other possible side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following symptoms : diarrhoea , sweating , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart_attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , or low blood pressure ( symptoms of dizziness , light - headedness , redness or swelling ) symptoms of heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . other possible side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - feeling or irregular heartbeat , or low blood pressure , which could be symptoms of redness or swelling . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms - heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , which may be symptoms of heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . other possible side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - rash or sweating - low blood pressure , heart attack or irregular heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , and low blood pressure ( symptoms of dizziness ) - sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart_attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , or low blood pressure ( symptoms of dizziness , light - headedness , redness or swelling ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these symptoms . - heart problems : irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , irregular heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , or low blood pressure ( symptoms of dizziness or light - headedness , redness or swelling ) symptoms of heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , which may be signs of heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , which may be signs of heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . stop using nyxoid and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : diarrhoea , sweating , rash , itching or itching . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing chest pain or chest pain sudden onset of blood pressure swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and difficulty breathing . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , and pain at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . injection site reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people reactions at the injection site , including swelling , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . blood clotting complications ( see section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction with breathlessness chest pain swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and breathing difficulties swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and breathing difficulties swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and breathing difficulties swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and breathing difficulties swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and breathing difficulties swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and breathing difficulties swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and breathing difficulties swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : if you notice any of the following , stop using voriconazole_accord and tell your doctor straight away : allergic reactions : get your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) itchy or purple skin , red and itchy spots under the skin , or a small number of a type of white blood cells , which can be life threatening . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , gallstones , irritation and / or ulcers in the mouth . decrease in the number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood . low number of platelets in the blood , low level of potassium in the blood , low blood sugar , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , anxiety , depression , anxiety , dizziness , abnormal skin sensations like numbness , tingling or numbness in the hands or feet , abnormal sensation in the eye , double vision , double vision , problems with balance , swelling of the eye , pain in the joints , abnormal sensation in the eye , blurred vision , double vision , double vision , double vision , double vision , ringing in the ears , vertigo , inflammation of the sinuses , constipation , indigestion , inflammation of the gut , inflammation of the pancreas , enlarged liver , enlarged liver , gallstones , joint inflammation , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the pancreas , redness of the skin , joint or muscle pain , painful or frequent urination , painful or frequent urination , painful or painful muscles , painful or painful muscles , painful or painful urination , painful or painful muscles , painful or painful urination , vertigo , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , redness of the skin , joint or muscle pain , painful or frequent urination , painful or frequent urination , painful or frequent urination , painful or frequent urination , painful or painful muscles , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , swelling , pain , itching , warmth or swelling at the injection site extending to more than 7 cm and lasting more than 7 cm ( feeling hot ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the injection site where the injection is given itching , redness , swelling , warmth and pain at the site of injection hardening of the injection site reactions ( warmth , swelling , pain ) at the injection site , warmth , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) shaking , feeling dizzy , feeling of tiredness , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints these may be signs of a condition called disappear . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) o liver problems , difficulty swallowing , indigestion , swollen , red or purple spots on the skin , itching of the skin , raised itchy bumps on the skin , feeling anxious or feeling dizzy low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in your arms and legs , swelling or swelling at the injection site feeling of being unwell , feeling weak , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your circulatory and needs urgent medical attention . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your liver may shown up to blood_tests in 100 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). this could be a sign of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . the signs may include breathlessness , difficulty in breathing , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) or breathlessness , including breathlessness , breathlessness or drop in blood pressure , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat ( torsade de pointes ) or breathlessness ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( common ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat ( torsade de pointes ) or breathlessness , including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , heart attack ( myocardial infarction ), breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , heart rate ( cardiac arrest , breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness or drop in blood pressure , stop with this medicine and tell your doctor straight away ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , causing difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat ( torsade de pointes ) or breathlessness ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat ( torsade de pointes ) or breathlessness ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat ( torsade de pointes ) or breathlessness ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . common side effects ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - wheezing or other signs of infection such as : - fever and chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore or raised , raised patches in your mouth or throat ( this may be a sign of a serious infection of the lung or the airways ) - blurred vision 37 other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - inflammation of the lung ( copd ) - common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : - infection of the skin or copd ( a common side effect that may affect up to one in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - blurred vision - raised_patches_in_the_mouth swollen tongue or throat - a serious infection of the skin and / or mucus ( sinusitis ) - infection of the mouth and throat - infection of the nose and throat - infection of the nose and throat - infection of the nose and throat - infection of the nose and throat - infection of the sinuses - bronchitis ( infection of the lungs ) - bronchitis ( infection of the lungs ) - bronchitis ( infection of the lung ) - joint pain - back pain - constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat ( fractures ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - peripheral swelling if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ), which may be life - threatening , - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( anaphylaxis ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin ( anaphylaxis ) - flu - like symptoms ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling , which may be a sign of a liver disorder ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - flu - like symptoms . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - flu - like symptoms . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling , which may be a sign of a liver disorder ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( anaphylaxis ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - flu - like symptoms . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction or anaphylaxis ) - swelling and swelling of the tissues of the stomach ( abdomen ) which may feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching - irritation or pain where the injection is given - irritation , bruising or bleeding . - a decrease in the levels of your blood cells ( neutropenia ) shown in a blood test . - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the blood ) - a decrease in the levels of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - antibiotic very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given - irritation or bruising - bleeding or bleeding where the injection is given - irritation or bruising - this may be a sign of a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) shown in a blood test - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the blood ) - a decrease in the levels of creatinine in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - antibiotic not working well as well as it should ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching - irritation or pain where the injection is given - irritation or bruising - bleeding or bleeding where the injection is given - irritation or bruising - bleeding or bleeding in the blood that may cause a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) shown in a blood test - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( e . g . pain_in_limb ), headache , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal . blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking . weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain_in_limb pain sore throat . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity in your vision , increased eye pressure , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression on standing , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you experience any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical treatment : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - levodopa , seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - if you experience severely loss of appetite , feel feeling weak , fast heartbeat , sweating , dizziness , fainting or fall . these are signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the veins is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( including heart_failure and rash ) have been reported . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe infections ( sepsis ) ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe infections ( including sepsis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) heart attack , chest pain , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) palpitations ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations ( fast heart beat ) palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , heart_failure heart failure , heart_attack heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations ( fast heart beat ) palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations ( fast heart beat or palpitations ) low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations ( fast heart beat ) palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations ( fast heart beat or palpitations ) low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations ( fast heart beat ) palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations ( fast heart beat ) palpitations , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations low blood pressure , heart attack , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart_attack heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , rapid heart rate , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations ( fast heart beat ) palpitations , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart beat or palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart_attack heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart_failure heart failure , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations , irregular heart beat , heart attack , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of low blood sugar : - low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of sodium and sodium in the blood ( a breakdown product of red blood cells ) - low blood levels of sodium , uric acid , and phosphate in the blood - high blood sugar - phosphate , increase in blood sugar - phosphate , increase in blood sugar - phosphate , increase in blood sugar - phosphate , increase in blood sugar - phosphate , increase in blood sugar - phosphate , increase of blood sugar - phosphate , increase of blood sugar - phosphate , increase of blood sugar - high blood pressure - increased blood uric acid levels - low blood potassium , autoantibodies potassium , uric acid , and phosphate in blood - increase in blood sugar - increase in the level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience inflammation at the infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure and angina , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , infection or inflammation in your blood vessels , very fast heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , loose stools ( flatulence ), - loss of appetite , - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of angina : - if you develop a fever , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - infusion - related reactions , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . - allergic reactions you may get wheezing , bronchospasm , inflammation of the body , which may be life - threatening , - being short of breath , runny nose , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , loose stools ( flatulence ), - loss of appetite , - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of angina . if you get any of these symptoms or any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - infusion - related reactions , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . - allergic reactions you may get wheezing , bronchospasm , inflammation of the body as well as the mouth , vagina and mouth , being short of breath , runny nose , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , pain in your stomach , irritation or ulcers in your stomach , feeling ill , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - loss of appetite , - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ritemvia . your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion rate . if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need to be slowed down or stop the infusion . you may need to be given additional medicines such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion rate . if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need to be slowed down or stop the infusion . you may need to be given additional medicines such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . - fever : if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : chills or other fast heartbeat - chills or a an_increase_of_4_or_more_bowel_movements feeling of sickness , which may be a sign of nausea ( feeling sick ) or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 or other organisms : if you experience infection signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 or virus : if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . dpd deficiency : if you have a blood test : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth and / or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish , or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling dizzy or weak common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose and common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea dry mouth uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea dry mouth difficulties in getting or keeping an erection faster heart rate in the skin allergic reaction which may include rash , itching , hives and rash caused by a medicine abnormal results of liver function tests low blood pressure rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast or irregular heart beats ( called palpitations ) fainting / loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , difficulty in breathing or dizziness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure ; dizziness ; fainting ; somnolence ( diarrhoea ); diarrhoea ; abdominal pain ; discomfort in the abdomen ; bloating ; vomiting ; itching ; increased sweating . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience any symptoms such as tightness in the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness or hives , low blood pressure and treatment with bortezomib viii ( more than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as this may be a sign of side effects of this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as this may be a sign of side effects of this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - severe bleeding or other signs of infection such as : - if you notice a marked decrease in blood pressure , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - if this happens , it is important that you drink more water than usual . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your bone pain , and during your treatment with temomedac . - if you are unusual bruising , bleeding , loss of appetite , or weakness , shortness of breath , or weakness - shortness of breath , bleeding from your bowels or stomach , trouble swallowing , bowel or haemorrhoids , haemorrhoids , painful or painful stools , deafness , or hot flushes ( symptoms of a liver problem ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes and hives tell your doctor immediately if you experience serious allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , throat or throat . this may cause a combination of a severe allergic reaction ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of your lips , throat or throat ). this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure and accelerated heartbeat . if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense loss of consciousness , stop taking cialis and contact your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - dizziness - sensation of rapid heartbeat ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleeds - indigestion - feeling sick ( being sick ) - vomiting - reflux or blurred vision - eye pain - difficulty in breathing - blood in urine - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleeds - ringing in the ears - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet - feeling tired rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - stroke - passing memory loss or swelling of the face - red eyes - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy eyes ( erythema ) - presence of blood in urine - increased sweating - heart attack - stroke - sudden decrease or loss of hearing - hearing loss ( alopecia ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - stroke - passing memory loss or swelling of the face - red eyes - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - increased sweating - heart attack - stroke - sudden cardiac death - a rare side effect which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - fainting - stroke - passing memory loss or swelling_of_the_eyelids - swelling of the face and throat - difficulties in breathing ( hives ) - itchy skin - purple skin ( erythema ) - presence of blood in urine - increased sweating - heart attack - stroke - temporary loss of vision - this may be a sign of a sudden decrease or loss of vision - hearing loss ( alopecia ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - stroke - passing loss of skin - swelling of the face and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - hives - itchy skin - purple skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - presence of blood in urine - increased sweating - heart attack - stroke - sudden cardiac death - a rare side effect which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - fainting - stroke - passing memory loss or swelling of the face - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , urticaria ) - itchy skin - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - increased sweating - heart attack - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - serious allergic reaction that causes a rash and swelling of the face or serious serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or eyes - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may also cause a very serious side effect called hypoglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to hypoglycaemia . the most frequently reported side effect is hypoglycaemia ( a very serious side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience any symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling dizzy or sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - symptoms include headache , drowsiness , nausea , muscle aches , and pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - nose or throat pain - runny nose - constipation - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - tiredness - increased appetite , trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - tired , weakness , fatigue , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , swelling or a hard lump ( haematoma ) - a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - infection ( infection ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) - infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) - sore throat - bleeding gums - nosebleeds - itchy skin ( urticaria ) - increase in liver enzymes uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - shaking - fainting - increase in body temperature - change in the colour of your skin ( urticaria ) - urticaria ( difficulties in passing urine ) - liver damage ( kidney failure ) - difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) - feeling generally unwell - injection site reactions ( redness , pain , swelling and a hard lump ) - symptoms of a high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty breathing , dry mouth ( anaphylactic reaction ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( anaphylactic shock ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( anaphylactic shock ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( anaphylactic shock ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( anaphylactic shock ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( known as clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cases of tumour lysis syndrome , difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a type of skin cancer ) - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( angioedema ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome if you have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . - difficulty breathing with dry mouth and acute renal failure ( clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ). - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ). - difficulty breathing with dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ). - tumour lysis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - constipation common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - low blood pressure - runny or runny nose - skin_rash - cough - cough - abdominal pain - constipation - indigestion - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - muscle pain - rash with or without swelling ( oedema ) - swelling and / or swelling in the hands and feet ( in the mouth , mouth , iris or iris ) - heart attack - changes in heart rhythm - pain in the back of the eye - sensitivity to light - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : - corneal disorders - damage to the front layer of the eyeball in the eyeball - a hole in the coloured part of the eyeball or the part of the large bowel , which may be associated with a flat or red blotches on the skin - hair loss or thinning - inflammation of the outer layer of the eye , such as eyelid , small particles or spots in your vision - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the outer layer of the eye - irritation of the outer layer of the eye - irritation of the outer layer of the eyelids - abnormal hair growth - hair loss - irritation of the outer layer of the eye - abnormal hair growth - hair loss - itchy skin - abnormal hair loss or thinning - hair loss - hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - abnormal liver function tests - muscle pain , swelling of face and / or throat - abnormal liver function tests rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in the colour of the adrenal glands - damage to the clear layer of the eyeball that covers the iris and covers the white of the eye - effects on the surface of the eye - swelling of the eyelid and / or mucous membranes which may be life - threatening , - peeling of the outer layer of the skin , - skin discolouration - itchy skin - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the outer layer of the eye - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the outer layer of the eye - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the outer layer of the eye , sensitivity to light - increased tear production - eye discomfort - itchy skin - abnormal hair growth - hair loss - abnormal hair growth - increased bilirubin - increased liver enzyme values in your blood - increased bilirubin in your blood - muscle pain , swelling of face , hands , feet and / or feet - abnormal liver function tests - muscle pain or swelling of the face - abnormal liver function rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in the colour of the adrenal glands - damage to the clear layer of the eyeball in the eyeball - a hole in the coloured part of the small bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding - scarring of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding - scarring of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding - blisters of the skin - irritation of the outer layer of the eye - sensitivity to light - irritation of the eye - irritation of the outer layer of the eye - sensitivity to light - irritation of the lining of the nose , sensitivity to light - increased tear production - fatty liver - sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests - muscle pain - itchy skin - abnormal sense of taste - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - increased bilirubin in your blood - increased bilirubin in your blood - muscle pain - swelling of face - abnormal liver function rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : corneal disorders - damage to the clear layer of the eyeball in the eyeball - a hole in the iris and / or the oesophagus - a hole in the bowel or from the space behind your stomach - problems with your oesophagus and / or the oesophagus - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite , anorexia , runny or blocked nose and pain in the abdomen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including itching , itchy skin , dermatitis , dermatitis , hair loss , joint pain and joint pain ( arthralgia ), tiredness ( pyrexia ), fever ( pyrexia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , fungal infections , high number of white blood cells , leucocytosis , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching rash , rash , increased body temperature . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of dehydration : dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), dehydration , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching rash , rash , increased body temperature . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , fungal infections , ear infection , leucocytosis , low blood platelet count , bleeding , redness , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), hair loss , pain in the arms or legs , weight increase or weight increase . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased body temperature . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased body temperature . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased body temperature . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased body temperature . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased body temperature . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased body temperature . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased body temperature . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased body temperature . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , rash rash , increased body temperature . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection , upper
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to a drop in copd ( a type of copd in your blood ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) muscle problems : asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased interest , confusion , muscle stiffness , inability to get or maintain an erection , fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness and increased eye pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased urination , confusion , muscle stiffness , inability to sleep , fainting . blurred vision . increased blood pressure . increased blood pressure . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness and increased eye pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar levels : asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased urination , confusion , muscle stiffness , abnormal fainting , fainting , blurred vision . increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle twitching . increased eye pressure . other side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased sense of touch , confusion , muscle stiffness and decreased blood pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar levels ( asthma ), shortness of breath , cough , asthma . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased interest , confusion , muscle stiffness , increased fainting , fainting , blurred vision . increased eye pressure , decreased vision , confusion , muscle twitching . increased eye pressure . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased sense of smell , confusion , muscle stiffness and increased eye pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar levels : asthma , shortness of breath , cough , asthma . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased interest , confusion , muscle stiffness , abnormal fainting , fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure and fainting . blurred vision . increased eye pressure . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation or asthma . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased urination , confusion , muscle stiffness , and abnormal breathing . fainting . blurred vision . increased eye pressure . side effects with unknown frequency ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased_urination , confusion , muscle stiffness , and decreased blood pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar levels : asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever . uncommon (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - nausea ( nausea ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin infection ( haematoma ) - infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) - sore throat - runny nose - nosebleeds - dry mouth - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - changes in skin colour uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( haematoma ) - formation of a blood clot ( haematoma ) - swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - change in your sense of taste - pain or redness in your mouth - runny nose - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itchy skin ( urticaria ) - swelling or a hard lump - skin infection ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - rash , changes in skin colour ( urticaria ), muscle aches , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( increased bruising , bruising , haematoma ) - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in your chest - a reduction in the number of bruising ( haematoma ) - haematoma ( red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin ) - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or haematoma ( haematoma ) - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in your chest - a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood ( which may make you feel pain , haematoma , haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - unusual bruising ( haematoma ) - pain , including back pain , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( increased bruising , bruising , haematoma ) - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in your chest - a reduction in the number of bruising and haematoma ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs ( due to a severe allergic reaction ) - a decrease in the number of skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - bruising , haematoma ( swelling of the skin ) - pain in your arms and / or legs ( due to severe allergic reaction ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - pain or redness of the skin - urticaria ( rash ) - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - muscle pain , muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( increased bruising , bruising , haematoma ) - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in your chest - a reduction in the number of bruising ( haematoma ) - haematoma ( red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin ) - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in the lower area of your lower chest , if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis , tell your doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - nausea ( nausea ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) - infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) - sore throat - runny nose - nosebleeds - dry mouth - raised patches of the skin ( urticaria ) - changes in skin colour uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( haematoma ) - formation of a blood clot ( haematoma ) - formation of a blood clot in the tissue of the vein ( retinal tissue thrombosis ) - pain or redness in your mouth - runny nose - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin ulcer ( urticaria ) - swelling or a hard lump - haematoma ( rash ) - increased blood pressure - haematoma ( rash ) - increased blood pressure - haematoma ( rash ) - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - rash , changes in skin colour ( urticaria ), muscle aches , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea stomach pain ( feeling sick ) stomach pain , abdominal pain , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), difficulty in passing stools ( acid reflux ), abdominal pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), throat irritation , dizziness 34 additional side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) abdominal pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), throat irritation , dizziness 34 additional side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) headache dizziness joint pain ( palpitations ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) dizziness 34 additional side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in sleeping ( dysgeusia ) stomach pain ( feeling sick ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( dysgeusia ) abdominal pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) headache dizziness joint pain ( palpitations ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) abnormal sensation in the mouth ( dysgeusia ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) low level of sodium in the blood 34 if you get abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of weakness or weakness , or swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - flu - like symptoms and arthritis - joint and joint pain . - painful swelling and / or swelling in the calves and ankles . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting ; - low blood pressure ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ; - muscle weakness ; - swelling of the face ; other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - conjunctivitis . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hypersensitivity reactions . - low blood pressure . - chest pain . - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . - high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth , low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in the number of red blood cells and platelets in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - conjunctivitis . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hypersensitivity reactions . - low blood pressure . - chest pain . - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . - high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth , low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any of the effects gets worse . your doctor may decide to low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the side effects listed above . - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling sleepy , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , dizzy , fast skin movement , indigestion , 29 increased blood pressure , blood in the urine , platelets , increase in blood pressure , bowel pain and sensation of taste , sensation of spinning , feeling sleepy , restlessness , somnolence , fever , decrease in blood pressure , platelets , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heart beat or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause skin rash , itching and hives ( possible signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) oral thrush , candidiasis , which can be a sign of a chest pain or pain , a feeling of tightness in your chest , or a feeling of having something in your stomach or urinary tract , urinary tract infection , headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone or muscle pain , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm , muscle spasm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat , chest pain , hoarseness , high or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low heart rate , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea or vomiting ( gastroenteritis ), pain in the stomach , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle and muscle pain , muscle spasm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat , high or low blood pressure , hoarseness , high or low blood pressure , low heart rate , high or low blood pressure , low blood pressure when standing up ( hypotension ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone or muscle pain , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle and muscle pain , muscle spasm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat or chest pain , hoarseness , high or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , a feeling of pain or pain in your cheeks and forehead ( signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm , muscle spasm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat or chest pain , hoarseness , high or low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in your arms and / or legs ( signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone or muscle pain , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm , muscle spasm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat or chest pain , hoarseness , high or low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in your arms and / or legs ( signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone or muscle pain , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm , muscle spasm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat or chest pain , hoarseness , high or low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in your arms and / or legs ( signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone or muscle pain , muscle spasm , fever , pain , itching , rash , muscle spasm , muscle spasm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , joint pain , joint pain , blood in the urine , in the urine , in the head or inside the head or joints . this may be accompanied by bleeding in the stomach and / or back . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma "). other side effects reported with clopidogrel_acino_pharma are : common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - feeling tired - feeling weak - general feeling of being unwell - changes in your liver enzymes in your blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - sleepiness - depression - anxiety - abnormal dreams - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - headache - dizziness - sleepiness - diarrhoea - indigestion ( feeling sick ) - wind ( flatulence ) - feeling tired - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - kidney problems ( see ' warnings and precautions ' - ' earlier in section urine ) - inflammation of the lining of the gullet ( oesophagus ) - bumps on the skin ( bumps ) - bumps on the skin ( bumps ) or bumps . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - wind ( flatulence ) - indigestion - general feeling of being unwell ( asthenia ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function ( shown in blood tests ) - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - kidney problems ( see ' warnings and precautions ' - ' earlier in section urine ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , bumps and inflammation in the large intestine ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - wind ( flatulence ) - indigestion - general feeling of being unwell ( asthenia ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( shown in blood tests ) - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - kidney problems ( see ' warnings and precautions ' - ' earlier in section urine ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with bumps ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - wind ( flatulence ) - indigestion - general feeling of being unwell - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( shown in blood tests ) - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - kidney problems ( see ' warnings and precautions ' - ' in your bowel ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( bumps ) - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - decreased blood levels of magnesium in blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy or dizzy , headache , increased muscle tension and change in muscle function , increase in muscle tension , change in sense of taste , dry mouth , increased or abnormal sensation in the mouth , tingling or muscle feeling abnormal or abnormal muscle sensations , feeling anxious , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , fast muscle movement , vertigo , increased tearing in the eyes ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy or sleepy when standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 37 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause peeling or peeling of the skin . other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness , itching ( pruritus ) pain in the hand and hand ( including hand and needles ), muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions : fever , chills , feeling tired , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), itching , rash , redness , peeling or pain of the skin , pain in the hand and / or hand ( peripheral oedema ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions : fever , chills , feeling tired , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), itching , rash , redness , peeling or pain at the injection site , pain in the hand and / or hand . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions : fever , chills , feeling tired , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), itching , rash , redness , peeling or pain at the injection site , pain in the hand and hand . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions , fever , chills , feeling tired , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), itching , rash , redness or peeling of the skin , pain in the hand and / or hand . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain , pain in the hand and hand . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain in the hand and arms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain in the hand and arms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain in the hand and arms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain in the hand and arms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , fever , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . hand and hand ) pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness and / or other parts of your body . the signs may include cough , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , rash , hair loss , feeling less hungry , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , generalised rash , swelling of the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , rash , hair loss , hair loss , loss of memory , spasm or muscle pain , joint pain , pain in your arms or legs , loss of strength , frequent urination , mood disorder , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , rash , hair loss , hair loss , loss of memory , spasm or muscle pain , joint pain , pain in your arms or legs , loss of strength , frequent urination , mood disorder , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , rash , hair loss , hair loss , loss of memory , spasm or muscle pain , joint pain , pain in your arms or legs , loss of strength , frequent urination , mood disorder , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , skin rash , hair loss , loss of memory , problems with balance , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , sore throat , asthma , rash , hair loss , muscle cramps or spasm , muscle pain , joint pain , pain in your arms or legs , loss of strength , frequent urination , frequent urination , mood disorder , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache ; - dizziness ; - drowsiness ; - abnormal heart rhythm ; palpitations ; irregular heartbeat ; - low blood pressure ; - fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness or reactions at the infusion site . these can be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - cough ; shortness of breath ; diarrhoea ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; rash ; hair loss ; - loss of appetite ; - muscle pain or spasm ; - joint pain or back pain ; - generalised swelling ; - back pain ; - back pain ; - generalised rash ; - swelling of the extremities ; - pelvic swelling ; - frequent urination ; - frequent urination ; - urination ; - frequent urination ; - frequent urination ; - inability to sleep ; weight loss ; - frequent urination ; - inability to sleep ; weight loss ; - frequent urination ; - depression , nervousness , nervousness , drowsiness or fainting ; signs of parkinson ' s disease ; runny nose , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma ; - rash ; hair loss ; - loss of memory ; - muscle pain or spasm ; - joint pain ; - painful swelling or spasm ; - muscle pain or joint pain ; - swelling of arms , legs , legs , or neck ; - loss of balance ; - weight loss ; - frequent urination ; - inability to sleep ; weight loss ; - frequent urination ; - inability to sleep ; weight loss ; - frequent urination ; - depression , nervousness , nervousness , drowsiness or fainting ; signs of parkinson ' s disease ; runny nose , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma ; - rash ; hair loss ; - loss of memory ; - muscle pain or spasm ; - joint pain ; - painful swelling or spasm ; - muscle pain or joint pain ; - swelling of arms , legs , legs , or neck ; - loss of balance or co - ordination ; depression ; nervousness ; irritability ; drowsiness ; fainting ; - fainting . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , increase in blood pressure , an increase in the number of white blood cells and white blood cells ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate signs of liver problems : - if you experience cough , inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( pancreatitis ) may be signs of pancreatitis ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) - pain or itching - fever with liver problems ( including hepatitis and pancreatitis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) - pain , itching and fever - liver failure - interstitial lung lung inflammation ( pancreatitis ) ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - increase in liver enzymes - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anaemia - allergic reactions - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( injection site pain , injection site pain , itching and rash ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , light - headedness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , injection site pain , itching and rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness vertigo ( low blood pressure ) light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , diarrhoea , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - tiredness ( fatigue ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , respiratory respiratory infection , decreased respiratory tract , cough , skin reactions , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing or swallowing ), rash , hives , vomiting , diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability , stroke , herpes simplex ( shingles ), allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough ( difficulty breathing or swallowing ), rash , hives , vomiting , diarrhoea , stroke , irritability , seizures ( fits ) serious allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , skin rash , fever , breathing difficulties , cough , difficulty breathing or cough , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , measles - like symptoms , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability , stroke , herpes zoster ( shingles ), allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or bruising_under_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , skin rash with measles - like measles rash , rash , vomiting , fever , stroke , irritability , seizures and seizures ( fits ). serious allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , skin rash , fever , breathing difficulties , cough , difficulty breathing or cough , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , measles - like symptoms , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): serious allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms such as measles - like rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or bruising_under_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing . serious skin reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , vomiting , fever , stroke , irritability and seizures . serious allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms , such as fever , skin infection , fever , breathing difficulties , cough , difficulty breathing or inflammation_of_the_lung , measles - like symptoms , measles - like illness , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): serious allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms such as measles - like rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or bruising_under_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing . serious skin reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , vomiting , fever , stroke , irritability and seizures . serious allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms , such as fever , skin reactions , fever , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing or cough , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . measles - skin rash , which may be a sign of skin infection , which may be severe and could be life - threatening . joint pain , swelling , redness and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): serious allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms such as measles - like rash , hives , hives , difficulty breathing or bruising_under_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing . serious skin reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , vomiting , fever , stroke , irritability and seizures . serious allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms , such as fever , skin infection , fever , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing or cough , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . measles - skin rash
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin or blurred , dizziness or tired . these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), fever , an increase in the amount of red and white blood cells ( anaemia ), or in the number of your blood cells ( see section " warnings and precautions "). a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( including anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( including anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of platelets in your blood ( including a anaemia , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called thrombotic microangiopathy ). - a build - up of a specific type of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in your blood ( including a anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in your blood ( including a anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in your blood ( including a anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness , muscle weakness , confusion , feeling sleepy , tingling , tingling , blurred or blurred vision ( dizziness , tingling or blurred ) - a low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pneumonia ( shingles ) - shingles - shingles ( sore throat ) - difficulty in breathing - spitting up blood - shortness of breath - inflammation of the stomach or intestine - bloody stools - stomach or abdominal pain - nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness ( blurred or blurred vision ) - a low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , - fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or spitting , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty swallowing or spitting , severe tiredness , swelling of your lips , face , lips or tongue , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing or spitting , a fast heart beat , shortness of breath or any other symptoms of infection such as : - fever and sore throat - difficulty breathing - spitting up blood or bloody sputum - bloody stools - severe stomach or abdominal pain - severe stomach or abdominal pain - severe stomach pain - nausea , vomiting , confusion - tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness of the skin ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , and sore throat or difficulty breathing . - if you notice any signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or spitting , severe tiredness , swelling of your lips , face , lips or tongue , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or spitting , as this may be a sign of a serious condition called agranulocytosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth headache sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach ache 36 other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat or sneezing stomach pain or diarrhoea stomach pain 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty and pain when passing urine urine pain in the ear feeling of pressure in the throat shortness of breath cough sore throat stomach pain or diarrhoea stomach discomfort 36 other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sneezing sore throat or diarrhoea stomach pain or diarrhoea stomach pain 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty and pain when passing urine urine pain in the ear feeling of pressure in the throat shortness of breath cough sore throat stomach pain or diarrhoea stomach discomfort 36 other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty and pain when passing urine these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention sore throat difficulty in sleeping cough or cough low level of potassium in the blood increased muscle tension pain in legs pain in legs pain in arms or legs pain in legs pain in muscles pain in legs pain in legs pain in legs pain in muscles pain in legs pain in legs pain in legs pain in legs pain in legs pain in arms or legs flu - like symptoms weight loss weight increase 75 ( see section 75 ) nausea ( flatulence ) 75 urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience infections at the infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure and angina , symptoms of an infection of the lung ( angina ) may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other infusion - related reactions are : pneumonia , shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus infections , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood ( sepsis ), pneumonia , shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus infection , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood , weight loss , swelling in the face and lips ( anaemia ), low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood , weight loss , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of sodium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) pneumonia , shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus infections , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hyponatraemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low blood sugar level ( severe allergic reaction ) weight loss , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of sodium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hyponatraemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hyponatraemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) low level of sodium in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections of the lung ( pneumonia ), shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus infections , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood low level of sodium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hyponatraemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hyponatraemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hyponatraemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hyponatraemia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypokalaemia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - breathing difficulties . symptoms of angioedema may include : - difficulty breathing - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling weak ( tired ) - symptoms of a low blood platelet count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the abdomen - hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - abnormal level of some liver enzymes - increase in bilirubin , a type of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the gullet ( oesophagus ) - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - abnormal level of bilirubin in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - breakdown of the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions and / or leakage of the penis and leakage of a blood clot ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your lungs - weight loss - dizziness - itchy skin ( hives ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( platelets ) - weight loss - hives - itchy rash ( hives ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling generally weak and tired - symptoms of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the digestive tract - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - abnormal level of bilirubin in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and / or a type of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - abnormal level of some liver enzymes - increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your lungs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - reduction in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) - weight loss - hives very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) - weight loss - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the gullet ( oesophagus ) - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - abnormal level of some liver enzymes - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - decrease in the number of all types of blood cells ( platelets ) - decrease in the number of all blood cells ( platelets ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - mild increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your lungs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - reduction in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) - weight loss - hives very
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) dementia not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness feeling confused , drowsy , drowsy , drowsy , tingling , burning sensation or pain at the site of injection , shortness of breath , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , vomiting , constipation , hair loss , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) weight gain , tiredness , weakness , feeling cold , pain in your arms and legs , pus , inflammation and inflammation of the digestive tract , digestive tract pain , weight gain , tiredness , weakness , feeling cold , pain in the arms and legs , pus , inflammation and inflammation of the digestive tract , low level of calcium , calcium , magnesium , calcium , calcium , and / or phosphate in blood tests , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) in the blood : high level of magnesium , calcium , magnesium , magnesium , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , feeling cold , pain in the arms or legs , pus , inflammation or inflammation of the digestive tract , low level of calcium , calcium , magnesium , calcium , calcium , and / or phosphate in blood tests , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) in the blood : low level of calcium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , feeling cold , pain in the arms or legs , pus , inflammation or pain in the mouth , tongue or throat , low level of calcium , calcium , magnesium , calcium , calcium , and / or phosphate in blood test results . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) in the blood : magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results , hair loss , constipation , weakness , feeling cold , pain in the arms or legs , pus , inflammation or inflammation of the digestive tract , low level of calcium , calcium , magnesium , calcium , calcium , and / or phosphate in blood tests , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results . hair loss , constipation , weakness , feeling cold . swelling of the ankles , feet or ankles . pus - related reactions , including low level of calcium , potassium , magnesium , calcium , calcium , and / or phosphate in blood test results . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea . feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth . rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results . hair loss , constipation , dizziness . nausea . feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth . rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , called magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold . hair loss . headache , dizziness . nausea . feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth . rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). sweating or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience chest pain , chest pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tiredness , difficulty sleeping , tingling sensation , stinging and redness of the conjunctiva , watery eyes , blurred vision , eye swelling , swelling of the eyelid , inflammation of the conjunctiva ( cornea ), inflammation , swelling , redness and itching , high blood pressure , tiredness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , difficulty breathing , asthma and asthma . severe allergic reactions have been reported with this medicine . the following side effects have been reported with ganfort : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) phosphates in the centre of the iris ( cornea ), damage to the clear layer of the iris ( cornea ), watery eyes , watery eyes , blurred vision , eye swelling , stinging , redness or itching , high blood pressure , tiredness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , difficulty breathing , asthma and asthma . severe allergic reactions have been reported with this medicine . the following side effects have been reported with ganfort : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking tandemact . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : hives ( nettle skin rash , hives or difficulty breathing ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ) such as bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . allergic reaction ( the signs may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . this may be due to a problem with your spleen . severe stomach pain , severe vomiting , vomiting , a cough which may be accompanied by fever , difficulty breathing or protein_in_your_urine , which may be signs of a serious liver disorder known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . bleeding is a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or other types of bleeding . this could be a sign of liver problems : severe stomach pain , severe nausea and vomiting , or a cough which may be accompanied by fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of your skin . bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . allergic reaction . the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) sudden shortness of breath or fever . this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people bleeding in the stomach or intestines . this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . bleeding is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 100 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe stomach pain , severe swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the mouth or the eyes ) severe diarrhoea , vomiting a swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be a sign of blood clots in the blood vessels of your skin , bleeding , bruising or bleeding ). allergic reaction may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) sudden shortness of breath and / or fever . this is called a consequence of inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding or other liver problems . talk to your doctor if you develop any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe stomach pain , severe swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the mouth or the eyes ) severe diarrhoea , vomiting or a cough with breathing problems . these may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels : bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . allergic reaction . the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) sudden decrease or loss of consciousness . swelling of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding . other possible side effects : gastrointestinal perforation this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath , fainting , dizziness or fainting , blurred vision , rashes , burning , pain or pain in your tongue or lips , face , face or tongue . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired or blurred vision ( urinary retention ) - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - numbness , burning or pain at the injection site - feeling tired ( blurred ) - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - injection site reactions ( including blurred vision , burning , or pain ) - formation of blood in the urine at the end of the injection ( injection site rotation ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - injection site reactions ( : blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump ) - injection site reactions ( including : blurred vision , burning , or pain ) - formation of blood in the urine at the end of the injection ( injection site rotation ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection - injection site reactions ( : blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump ) - injection site reactions ( including : blurred vision , burning , or pain ) - formation of blood in the urine at the end of the injection ( injection site rotation ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site - injection site reactions ( : blurred vision , burning , pain ) - reactions at the injection site ( including blurred vision , burning , or pain ) - formation of blood in the urine at the end of the injection ( injection site rotation ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired or blurred vision ( urinary retention ) - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision , pain due to a build - up of fluid in parts of the body ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection . - reactions at the injection site ( such as blurred vision , burning , or pain ) - formation of blood in parts of your body ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection . - reactions at the injection site ( such as blurred vision , burning , or pain ) - formation of blood in parts of your body ( urinary tract infection ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection . - reactions at the injection site ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump ). - injection site reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site . - injection site reactions . - blurred vision . - burning or pain at the injection site . - decreased blood flow to parts of the body . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site . - injection site reactions . - blurred vision . - burning or pain at the injection site . - decreased blood flow to parts of the body . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site . - injection site reactions . - blurred vision . - burning or pain at the site of injection . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking fotivda for a short time of time . symptoms include : heart attack shortness of breath with exercise , coughing and confused inability to breathe , fluid in the lungs bleeding in the stomach or bowels , blood clot in a artery of your body ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). symptoms of heart problems : shortness of breath which could be a symptom of heart attack or heart_failure , blood clots in the veins , especially in the body ( symptoms include tremors , confusion , blindness , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , and fluid in the lungs ) ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). symptoms of tiredness include confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a heart attack or heart attack . this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . symptoms of heart problems include : shortness of breath , coughing , confused or confused difficulty breathing heart attack , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) especially in patients with symptoms such as tiredness , confusion , blindness , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , and fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ). symptoms of symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . this is uncommon . symptoms of tiredness include confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . this is uncommon . symptoms of tiredness include confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . this is uncommon . symptoms of tiredness include confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . this is uncommon . symptoms of tiredness include confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . this is uncommon . symptoms of tiredness include confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . this is uncommon . symptoms of tiredness include confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . this is uncommon . symptoms of tiredness include confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . this is uncommon . symptoms of tiredness include confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood . the symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but may be fatal . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - diarrhoea , - weakness or tiredness , - skin reactions , - allergic reactions , - drowsiness , feeling very thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness ( signs of bowel problems ). - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - inflammation of the pancreas . - allergic reactions , including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - tiredness , weakness and tiredness . - skin reactions . - allergic reactions including drowsiness and feeling thirsty . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rapid breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , muscle pain , vomiting , constipation , abdominal pain and discomfort , swelling of your arms , legs , or legs ( peripheral oedema ) seizures , confusion , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . decreased blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 100 people . bone pain . muscle pain , vomiting , constipation , abdominal pain and discomfort , swelling of your arms , legs , legs or joints , seizures , confusion , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a low level of potassium in the blood , which may be a sign of a high level of uric acid in the blood ( qt prolongation ; electrocardiogram and ecg ). symptoms may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , redness , swelling , pain and sores in the mouth and / or throat . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : cough , fever , chills , severe fever , stiff neck , loss of consciousness , feeling dizzy or loss of consciousness . the frequency of this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). vaccine may be a sign of pain , redness or stinging where the injection is given feeling tired , chills , fever , severe fever with loss of consciousness , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be a reaction where the injection is given , such as pain , redness , stinging or pain at the injection site may occur . these side effects may occur with the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , redness , stinging or pain where the injection is given feeling tired , chills , fever . reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). a temporary decrease in the number of red and white blood cells ( anaemia ), or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), which are important in fighting infection ( e . g . pain in the armpit , armpit or groin ), difficulty in breathing or swallowing , cough with flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , severe fever , feeling weak or tired , loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of serious skin reactions including blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , severe peeling of skin or eyes ( signs of severe skin reactions ) if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain , redness , stinging or pain where the injection is given . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , stinging and pain ) at the injection site ( feeling tired , chills and fever ) - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) - a temporary decrease in blood pressure ; - pain in the back , armpit or chest o difficulty in breathing ; - cough with flu - like symptoms such as fever , chills , severe chills , feeling weak or tired ; - loss of consciousness ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - difficulty in breathing ; - loss of consciousness ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - difficulty in breathing ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ; - sudden drop in blood pressure ; - loss of consciousness . at the injection site reactions such as pain , redness , stinging or pain where the injection is given . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - some patients have had a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) which can make you feel tired and chills - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) - a temporary decrease in blood pressure which may make you feel pain , redness , stinging or pain where the injection is given . - pain in the armpit and chest with difficulty in breathing . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following , you may need urgent medical advice . - if you have pain , redness , stinging or pain where the injection is given . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - the signs may include pain , redness , stinging or pain where the injection is given . - feeling tired or chills - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - a temporary decrease in blood pressure ; - pain in the back of the neck , armpit or chest o
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for allergic reactions : allergic reactions allergic reactions which may include a severe allergic reaction known as a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or a loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) or loss of consciousness . these symptoms can be a sign of an allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including blisters , peeling , hardness or hardness ) diarrhoea , nausea , loss of appetite , pain in arms or legs , pain at the injection site , headache , sleepiness , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , crying - sleepiness , coughing and coughing - allergic reactions such as rash , itchy skin , fever . - allergic reactions such as blisters and peeling of the skin at the injection site . - fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - injection site reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - loss of consciousness . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including blisters , peeling , hardness or hardness ) - diarrhoea - nausea - loss of appetite - painful joints - pain at the injection site - pain at injection site - injection site reactions - headache - sleepiness - crying - loss of appetite - nausea - crying - loss of appetite - nausea - crying - loss of appetite - nausea - crying - loss of appetite - nausea - crying - loss of appetite - nausea - crying - loss of appetite - nausea - crying - loss of appetite - crying - sleepiness - coughing - coughing - allergic reactions - rash - itchy skin - fever - allergic reactions such as blisters and peeling of the skin at the injection site . - fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - injection site reactions : swollen glands in the fingers , fingers and feet ( sometimes sudden feeling of burning and difficulty in swallowing ) - pain at the injection site rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions which may include severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing or breathing ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ; rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions which may include a severe swelling of the skin and mucous membranes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing fever or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of other_chemotherapeutic_agents the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed with docetaxel , but not limited to the first product of your treatment . allergic reactions : itching , muscle aches , pains , back pain , bone pain , or decreases in urine output and increased sweating . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed with frequency not known . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and itching of the skin ; itching ; muscle aches or pains ; back pain ; bone pain ; changes in the way things taste ; in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - low blood pressure , which could potentially be life threatening . serious side effects uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - wheezing - difficulty breathing - coughing - rash - itching - pruritis - flushing - headache - low blood pressure - wheezing - difficulty breathing - coughing - wheezing - coughing ( pruritis ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - blood in urine - nausea , rash - itching - headache - stomach pain - vomiting - itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach_pain - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach_pain - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience a severe allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following reactions : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - dizziness - fainting - loss of consciousness - injection site reactions ( such as rash , hives , wheals ) at the injection site . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following serious side effects , such as muscle spasms , dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome is a side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . - headache , drowsiness ( fatigue ), dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , ulcer in the mouth , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , skin rash , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using anoro ellipta are rare . if you notice tightness of the chest , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or fever ( pneumonia ), or acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . common side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience a serious allergic reaction , stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of atripla : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - chills - weakness - headache - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling of fullness or discomfort - bone pain - fractures - bone pain - fractures - bone pain - pain in the arms or legs - muscle pain or weakness - changes in your blood and urine test results uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) and / or other skin reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with erythema multiforme ) - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - problems with digestion resulting in liver enzymes - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - chills - weakness - headache - dizziness - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - passing more urine than normal or legs - pain in the muscles or bones ( musculoskeletal pain or weakness ) - bone pain , or weakness - changes in your blood and urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ). talk to your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience blisters at the application site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure and angina , symptoms of an infusion - related reaction , which may be life - threatening . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion rate . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion rate . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately : - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting or low blood pressure , which may make you be more prone to low blood pressure and / or angina , which may be signs of angina . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you to counteract the reaction . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - if you develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting or low blood pressure , which may make you be more prone to low blood pressure and / or angina , which may be signs of angina . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you to counteract the reaction . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - if you develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting or low blood pressure , which may make you feel angina and have emergency treatment . these may be signs of a blood clot in the lung . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with blitzima . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , an allergic reaction to paracetamol , which may be life - threatening . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - if you develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting or low blood pressure , which may make you feel angina . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after a few hours of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion rate . if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately , or go
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , hives , face swelling of the face , tongue or tongue , difficulty in breathing , light - headedness , light - headedness , dizziness or light - headedness , or light - headedness . other possible side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious infection ( which may cause symptoms of tiredness , skin_rash , nose , face , tongue or tongue ), difficulty in swallowing or breathing , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , light - headedness . other possible side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): increased liver enzymes . symptoms may include : tiredness , skin_rash , skin_rash , skin_blisters , face , face or tongue , difficulty in breathing , light headedness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , light - headedness . other possible side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : increased levels of liver enzymes . symptoms may include tiredness , skin_rash , skin_rash , skin_blisters , face , face or tongue , difficulty in breathing , light headedness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , light - headedness . other possible side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): increased liver enzymes . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the nose , mouth , tongue or nose . cellulitis ( a type of skin cancer ), which may be fatal ( stevens - johnson syndrome and / or a type of inflammation_of_the_liver such as peeling and peeling of the skin ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) increased liver enzymes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - a severe drop in blood pressure and treatment with treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - allergy ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness , swelling and / or pain increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of allergy : - a drop in blood pressure on standing up - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps - like symptoms - pain or diarrhoea while being treated with treatment . - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - diarrhoea . - if you have symptoms of allergy with symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in your ankles and / or throat . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( a rare reaction which may cause pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump ). your doctor will do blood tests before and during treatment with miglustat dipharma to assess this ( see section 2 ). - if you get symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling or other severe allergic reaction that may require urgent treatment . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - if you have symptoms of pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in your ankles and / or throat . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness , swelling and / or pain increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy with a drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips or tongue - this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice pain and / or swelling and / or swelling around the area of the medicine . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you develop any signs of an infection or symptoms . - pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the ankles and / or throat . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of these signs and symptoms of infection such as symptoms , such as pain , redness or swelling around the infusion site as these can be signs of a drop in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( shown in blood tests ). - if you have symptoms of allergy with symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the area of the body , as these may be signs of a low level of blood cells . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . - if you have symptoms of pain , redness , swelling or other severe allergic reaction that may require urgent medical attention . - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - allergy . - symptoms include : - pain , redness , swelling or other severe allergic reaction that may be life threatening . - changes in your blood and urine test results that may reduce your kidney function . - if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): confusion , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling , dizziness , confusion , and confusion . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , and nausea . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness ; shaking ; shaking ; tingling ; numbness ; tingling ; numbness ; confusion ; dizziness ; nausea ; back pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , blocked nose sudden difficulty breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - weight increase . - increases in the levels of enzymes produced in the muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ). - a decrease in the number of muscles in the blood . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 people . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your patient file . you may also wish to make a note of these side effect . your doctor may instruct you to decrease your therapy , or temporarily discontinue therapy with lamivudine_teva . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a serious allergic reaction . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is very common ( may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - weight increase . - increases in enzymes produced in the muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . other possible side effects : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if this happens you must stop taking nespo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as these may be signs of serious allergic reactions : anaphylaxis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits at the application site these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , dryness on the surface of the skin , breathing difficulties , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tiredness , depression , headache , tiredness and rash . these side effects usually occur with the first dose of macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects with this medicine are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause skin rash , itching and darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet , which may be a sign of gastrointestinal allergic reactions . pain , swelling , redness and swollen and / or foot skin disorders ( e . g . pain , swelling , oedema , and fever ). the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling or swollen and palms of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause your foot to move ( hand - foot syndrome , pain , swelling , oedema , fever ) or fever . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling on the palms of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause your foot to move ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness and oedema ( oedema ). the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : swelling ( oedema ), palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness and oedema ( oedema ). the frequency of the side effects listed below have been observed when digestive_enzymes was given in combination with digestive_enzymes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) hypersensitivity reactions ( hypersensitivity ) include : breathing difficulties swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , 50 - muscle pain , muscle spasms or cramps , rash , headache , breathing difficulties , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia , muscle pain , - rash , headache , breathing difficulties or cough , your doctor may tell you to stop using cinacalcet_accordpharma . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), ( see also section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). - low levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of serious liver problems ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) and a serious liver condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience an allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe and potentially life - threatening reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could be life - threatening . - lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) - a very rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people - a serious and potentially life threatening allergic reaction . - lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could be life - threatening . - lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) - a very rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people - a serious and potentially life threatening allergic reaction . - lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of a serious liver disorder called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of a serious liver disorder called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of a serious liver disorder called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - severe and potentially life - threatening reactions ( dress ]), see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - if you experience a serious allergic reaction , including pancreatitis and symptoms of rash and hives - hives very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a marked decrease of some white blood cells ( lactic
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , dizziness , drowsiness , headache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , fever , infection . these symptoms can be symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , and fever . your doctor may do regular blood tests to check your liver function ( bilirubin , bilirubin , lipase ) and abnormal liver function test . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - changes in blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - changes in blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - changes in the sense of taste - fall . - weight gain - nervousness , shaking , sweating , shaking , rapid_breathing , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . - low blood sugar . - low blood sugar . - if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for more than you need . get medical help immediately if you have any of these symptoms . - low blood sugar levels ( very common ) - low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - liver function test abnormalities abnormalities in liver function - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . - liver problems such as nausea and vomiting , stomach pain , unusual bleeding from the eye . - eye swelling . - vision disturbances . - if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor as soon as possible . - low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - elevated sugar in the blood ; - fall in blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - changes in the amount of some blood cells ; fall . - weight gain ; nervousness ; shaking ; sweating ; nervousness ; shaking ; rapid breathing ; faintness ; fall . - low blood pressure ; - a fall in blood pressure ; - a fall in the levels of potassium in your blood ; - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ; - an increase in a type of white blood cells called neutrophils ; - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in the blood - an increase in the level of uric acid in your blood ( known as lactic acidosis ; - liver problems such as nausea or vomiting , stomach pain , - bleeding in the eye or in the eye ; - vision disturbances ; - swelling in the eye ; - increase in liver enzymes ; - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ; - liver problems ; - nausea , vomiting and stomach pain ; - bleeding in the eye ; - eye swelling ; - vision disturbances ; - vision disturbances ; - diabetes ; - severe allergic reaction that may include : - nausea and / or vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ; - fall ; weight gain ; nervousness ; shaking ; sweating ; nervousness ; shaking ; rapid breathing ; faintness ; fall . - low blood pressure ; - loss of consciousness ; symptoms of low blood sugar may include : - a fall in blood sugar levels ; - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ; - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ; - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in the blood - an increase in the level of uric acid in your blood ( known as lactic acidosis ; - liver problems such as nausea or vomiting , stomach pain , - bleeding in the eye or in the eye ; - vision disturbances ; - vision disturbances ; - swelling in the eye ; - changes in the colour of your eye ; - blurred vision ; - changes in the way things taste . - decrease in blood sugar , which increases risk of liver function ; - nausea ; - vomiting ; - stomach pain ; - changes in the way things taste ; - faintness . - very common side effects ( may affect more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ), fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired or fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired or fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired or fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired fever ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired or fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , fever ( asthenia ) fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired or fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired or fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired or fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , fever ( asthenia ) fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty breathing - wheezing - shortness of breath - swelling of the face , eyes or throat - fluttering of your skin - fluttering of your eyes - shortness of breath - chest tightness - cough - chest pain or discomfort - diarrhoea - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick - difficulty breathing - fainting - chest pain - discomfort , swelling or discomfort in your eyes very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - being sick ( vomiting ) 28 - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - fainting - chest pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - rash - feeling unwell - difficulty sleeping - fainting - chest pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - rash - feeling unwell - difficulty sleeping - fainting - chest pain - discomfort or swelling of the eyes - fluid retention ( oedema ) - swelling of the eyes - increased heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular or irregular heart beats - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular or irregular heart beats - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - rapid heart rate - a fluttering of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - a fluttering of the heart ' s electrical activity of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - slow heart rate , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which may be a sign of a heart attack , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose , dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain or gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include : runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain or gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain or gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain or gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain or gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain or gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain or gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain or gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain or gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) dizziness nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness ( fatigue ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness ( fatigue ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way * hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion ; excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting visual disturbances weight loss including decreased appetite dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash - back pain - back pain - increased heart rate - eye irritation - bloodshot eyes - increased blood pressure - increased heart rate uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased heart rate - blurred vision - blurred vision - cataract ( blurred vision ) - increased eye pressure - blurred vision - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased heart rate - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increased pressure in the eye - rash - changes in or increased blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of body temperature a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of body temperature a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of body temperature a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives ) 29 . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : eye pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . 0 .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness , swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness , swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness , swelling where the injection is given . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , cough , fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure - headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness , swelling where the injection is given . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , rash , swelling ( fatigue ), shortness of breath , back pain , constipation , decreased appetite . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , seizures , abnormal behaviour , muscle twitching , and abnormalities in vision , dry mouth , dry skin , tingling , numbness , tingling , abnormal vision , dizziness . blurred vision . blood clots , bruising , nose bleed . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) with symptoms such as flushing , rash , itching , difficulty breathing or wheezing , breathing difficulties or fainting , dizziness or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - hives - itching - rash - hives - face_swelling - swelling - pain - wheezing - shortness of breath - these_symptoms - fainting - dizziness - fainting - flushing - rash - hives - hives - swelling of the face - face_swelling - face_swelling - wheezing - shortness of breath - wheezing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - flushing - rash - hives - hives - swelling of the face - hives - hives - hives - swelling of the face - face_swelling - wheezing - shortness of breath - wheezing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - flushing - rash - hives - hives - swelling of the face - hives - hives - hives - swelling - reddening of the skin - wheezing - trouble breathing - if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting and stomach pain - rash , hives , itching , rash , hives , face_swelling rash , pain , wheezing , shortness of breath or breathing , fainting - dizziness , fainting - flushing , rash , hives , swelling of face , face or throat , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting - dizziness , fainting - fainting , - flushing , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , - hives , -
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . the following side effects are known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the following side effects are known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . other side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . the following side effects are known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). contact your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : psychosis , decreased sex drive , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , psychosis , nightmares , confusion , double or double vision , increased sensitivity to light , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision , a change in the way things taste , reduced sense of smell , speech disorder , speech disorder , speech disorder , numbness and tingling in the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - allergic reactions . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
