like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : fever , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and a general feeling of tiredness . the most common side effect of incivo is a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), a decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and increased thirst . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and shortness of breath ( fatigue ) increased level of sugar in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in some white blood cells ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and shortness of breath ( fatigue ), increased level of certain enzymes in the blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , shortness of breath , fatigue , increased pressure in your stomach or intestine , increase in blood pressure and creatinine in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue , increased pressure in your stomach or intestine , increase in blood pressure ( creatinine ) in your blood , creatinine . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and shortness of breath ( fatigue ) increased heart rate ( hypertension ) increase in your level of creatinine in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and shortness of breath ( fatigue ) increased heart rate ( shown by blood tests ) creatinine in your urine . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , shortness of breath , fatigue increased heart rate an increase in the level of fat ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , shortness of breath , fatigue , increased pressure in your stomach or intestine , increase in blood pressure ( creatinine ) in your blood , creatinine . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and shortness of breath ( fatigue ), increased levels of certain enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , shortness of breath , fatigue , increased pressure in your stomach or intestine , increase in blood levels of creatinine . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , shortness of breath , fatigue , increased pressure in your stomach or intestine , increase in blood levels of creatinine . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea and shortness of breath ( fatigue ) increased heart rate ( shown by blood tests ) creatinine in your urine ( proteinuria ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , diarrhoea , and shortness of breath ( fatigue ) increased levels of certain enzymes in your blood (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following liver problems liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start zinbryta . liver problems ( including hepatitis b infection ) such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , liver skin ( sign of liver problems ) such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , liver skin ( sign of liver problems ) such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , liver skin ( sign of liver problems ) such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , liver skin ( sign of liver problems ) such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , dark urine , liver or liver ( liver failure ), or liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes , dark urine , liver or liver reactions ( rare ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( colds and colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions , dry or itchy skin , skin infection ( folliculitis ), runny nose , sore throat , coughs , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , nasopharyngitis , bronchitis , colds and colds ( signs of pneumonia ). upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry or dry skin , upset stomach , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , sore throat , sore throat , sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry or dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( nasopharyngitis ), dry or runny nose , sore throat , sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry or dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat , sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat , sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry or dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat , sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry or dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat , sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) - dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) - dry skin , - dry skin , - dry skin , - dry or dry skin , - skin reactions , - dry or dry skin - skin reactions ( including dry skin , dry or dry skin , - dry skin , - pharyngitis ( dry skin ), - blood in the urine , - diarrhoea , - colds , - skin infection , - folliculitis ( cold , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , - sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or dry skin , - blood in the urine , - diarrhoea , - stomach ( abdominal ) pain , - upset or runny nose , - sore throat , - pharyngitis ( dry mouth ) - skin reactions , including dry skin , pharyngitis ( dry skin ), - blood in the urine , - diarrhoea , - colds , - infection of the upper respiratory tract , - respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , - sore throat ( pharyngitis ) - dry skin , - dry skin , - dry skin , - dry skin , - dry or brown skin , - skin reactions , - dry skin , - dry or purple skin , - skin reactions , - liver failure , - liver failure , - elevated liver enzymes , - elevated liver enzymes in blood tests , - an increase in liver enzymes - a liver
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop taking wilzin and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia is a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 10 people . symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking novonorm and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or breathing problems , which may be signs of anaphylactic reaction , itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of liver problems such as rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of rash . itchy rash or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of hypoglycaemia ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or breathing problems , which may be signs of anaphylactic reaction , itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of liver problems such as rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of rash or itchy rash ( rash ). other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of hypoglycaemia ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or breathing problems , which may be signs of anaphylactic reaction , itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of rash . itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of rash . itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). these are the signs of hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rapid breathing , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). itchy rash or rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you have symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of rash . itchy skin rash and rash have also been reported . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of rash or itchy rash or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of hypoglycaemia ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or breathing problems , which may be signs of anaphylactic reaction , itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of rash . itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of rash . itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of hypoglycaemia ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). itchy
like all medicines , pumarix can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site pain - feeling sick ( being sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - swelling or a hard lump where the hand is given - bleeding or bruising where the injection is given - sick ( feeling sick ) - stomach pain - feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching - bruising at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - pain or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - itching - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness or swelling at the site of the injection where the injection was given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach_pain - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - pain or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - itching - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain or swelling at the infusion site - redness or swelling at the site of the injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the site of injection where the injection was given - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the infusion site -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). symptoms may include itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat . if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by afinitor are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . if your side effects gets severe , or if you notice any other effects , please tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may give you other medicines to help control your side effects . the signs may include : - a fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects include : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - pain or bruising - a reduction in the number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - pain in the stomach and back - nausea , abdominal pain or jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - dark urine or dark urine - yellowing of the body or the whites of the eyes - loss of appetite - nausea , fever - chills , tiredness , feeling weak , headache and nausea these may be signs of an abnormal liver function test . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , reduced number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ) - low level of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - pale skin , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness - tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), - mouth ulcers , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - loss of appetite , - weight loss , - loss of appetite , - tiredness , - chills , - chills and feeling weak . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , reduced number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - pale skin - weakness , breathlessness and trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - dizziness - tiredness - increased appetite - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - memory loss - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - loss of weight - loss of appetite - loss of weight - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes - weight loss - loss of appetite - tiredness - chills - feeling weak - tiredness - low blood levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , decrease in blood platelets , bruising ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or throat problems - these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have collapse , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , tell your doctor immediately . this may be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs immediate medical attention . - wheezing or coughing - wheezing or breathlessness tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - this may be a sign of a serious condition called " paradoxical bronchospasm ", which may be life - threatening . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - worsening of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have glaucoma and / or difficulty breathing , or if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms , seek immediate medical advice . - wheezing , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , which may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs immediate medical attention . - if you experience wheezing , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , seek medical advice immediately . this may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - life - threatening allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - worsening of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs immediate medical attention ). - difficulty in breathing - chest pain - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - headache - headache - pain in the upper abdomen or throat - dry mouth - increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - high or low blood pressure - low or low blood pressure - flushing rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face and throat ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - glaucoma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing ) - urinary tract infection ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic ( allergic ) reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of serious allergic reaction . other side effects other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( serious infection of the lung ) allergic reaction ( including skin rash , hives or a severe allergic reaction ), difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( serious infection of the lung ) - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face or throat and difficulty breathing . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of serious allergic reaction . other side effects other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as headaches , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , nausea , vomiting , headaches , tiredness , back pain , joint pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , bruising , or other joint pain , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rashes ( including joint pain , joint pain , bruising , discolouration or discolouration of the skin ), fluid retention ( oedema ), nose bleed , decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin ( flushing ), fluid retention , nose bleed , decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , fainting , fluid retention ( oedema ), pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , fainting , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , fainting , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , fainting , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , fainting , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , fainting , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ). bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ). bone pain ( arthralgia ). bone pain ( arthralgia ). bone pain ( myalgia ). pain in your arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , erectile dysfunction ( problems with your ear ), bruising or discolouration of the skin , low blood pressure
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of medicines , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) involuntary movements in the penis feeling of burning in and around the vagina feeling of burning in and around the vagina headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of being unwell swelling of the eyelid feeling of pressure in the throat feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of discomfort in the stomach or intestine alteration in taste ( dysgeusia ) discomfort in the stomach or intestine alteration in taste ( dysgeusia ) pain in the mouth or throat reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : diabetes_mellitus ; increased appetite ; difficulty in sleeping ; dizziness ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; diarrhoea ; indigestion ; constipation ; loss of appetite ; indigestion ; loss of appetite ; abdominal pain or discomfort ; passing wind ; abdominal pain or discomfort ; passing wind ; passing gas ; stomach pain or discomfort ; passing wind ; liver problems ; yellowing of the skin and eyes ; liver injury ; liver injury ; liver injury ; inflammation of the liver ; itching ; rash ; itching ; hair loss ; increased sweating ; pain in arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; muscle spasms ; back or musculoskeletal pain ; pain in arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; pain in arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; fever ; collection of fluid in the arms and legs ; pain or discomfort in the arms or legs ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; feeling jittery . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood levels of some liver enzymes ; high blood levels of uric acid ; increased blood levels of uric acid ; high blood levels of uric acid ; high blood levels of uric acid ; hallucination ; mood swings ; depression ; hallucination ; panic attack ; temporary loss of vision ; trembling ; tingling ; sensation of tingling ; numbness in the mouth ; dizziness ; impaired or change in vision ; numbness or tingling of the mouth and / or throat ; dizziness ; impaired sense of taste ; vision disturbances ; blurred vision ; eye eye_disorders ; ringing in the ears ; lack of ability to urinate ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding in the nose ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from anus ; rectal bleeding ; weight gain ; oedema ( build - up of fluid in the arms and legs ); weight gain ; oedema ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ); weight gain ; oedema ( build - up of water in the body ; uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increase in certain white blood cells ; high blood levels of uric acid ; increased blood levels of uric acid ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; high blood levels of uric acid ; hallucination ; mood swings ; depression ; hallucination ; panic attack ; temporary loss of vision ; trembling ; tingling ; sensation of tingling ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness of the hands or feet ; dizziness ; impaired ; loss of consciousness ; loss of consciousness ; eye eye_disorders ; ringing in the ears ; ear pain ; changes in vision ; loss of vision ; eye eye_disorders ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; slow heart rate ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; slow heart rate ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; chest tightness ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; generalised swelling or numbness ; not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): unusual weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or nurse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of hair low blood pressure swelling of the hands , feet and legs ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood changes in the way things taste changes in the way things taste thirst inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) sensation of pressure in the limbs swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer of the iris ) and cornea ( the clear layer of front of the iris and pupil . cornea . the breakdown of cornea may become worse after the second is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) low blood measurements for white blood cells low blood measurements for platelets low white blood cell count low level of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of hair low blood pressure swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood changes in the way things taste changes in the way things taste in your mouth inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) sensation of milk in the abdomen inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) redness of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( see section 7 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking immunogam and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , dizziness , headache , joint swelling , back pain , fever , nausea , fatigue , sudden weight loss or eye tightness , fever , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest or wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , joint swelling , back pain , muscle pain , fever , fatigue ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) have been reported . the most frequently reported side effect is 7 . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 7 people ): headache , joint swelling , back pain , muscle pain , fever , fatigue ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction , rash , hives and feeling unwell . these reactions have been reported in up to 1 in 100 patients . allergic reactions such as rash , hives or feeling unwell . these reactions are usually mild and only last for a few days to a few weeks . symptoms of a allergic reaction may include : fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). the most frequently reported side effect is fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). the most frequently reported side effect is 7 . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials in adults aged 7 to 7 years . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials in adults aged 7 to 7 years . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - joint tenderness - back pain - muscle pain - fever - fatigue ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction that may include : rash , hives and feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 days of 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the symptoms of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : - fever - swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness - dizziness . the most frequently reported side effect was 7 . the most frequently reported side effect is 7 . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials in adults aged 7 to 7 years . the side effects listed below have occurred with a similar vaccine containing other vaccine . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). other side effects in women the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials in adults aged 7 to 7 years . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials in adults aged 7 to 7 years . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials in adults aged 7 to 7 years . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials in adults aged 7 to 7 years . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - joint tenderness - back pain - muscle pain - fever - fatigue ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 days of 1 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 days of 7 , 000 doses ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the symptoms of this side effect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of a liver problem such as fever , breathing difficulties , difficult or shallow breathing , cough or breathing problems , which may be a sign of a serious liver problem which may be life threatening and lead to a kidney problem . if you have a combination of any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - bleeding or bruising ( common ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , itchy rash ( hives ) - low level of red blood cells which can make you more prone to bleeding or bruising - red or red spots caused by bleeding under the skin , or bruising , or swelling ( including red spots on the skin ), pancreatitis ( liver failure ), or liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes ( pancreatitis ), - liver damage , which may be fatal , - an increase of certain liver enzymes - an increase in a type of white blood cells called neutrophils - a type of white blood cell which can result in yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage which may be fatal , - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( lactate dehydrogenase ) - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( pancreatitis ) - dark urine or bruising - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty swallowing or breathing - itchy rash ( hives ) - low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) - bruising , swelling or sores in the mouth and throat ( pancreatitis ) - pancreatitis ( liver failure ) - liver damage ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage which may cause a serious liver damage called liver_problem , which may be fatal , - severe and life - threatening skin rashes ( affect_the_lungs ) and / or dark - grey peeling of the lips , eyes or mouth , peeling or peeling of the skin - bruising or swelling of the skin and mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than one % of the skin_cancer surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pale or irritated eyes - sore throat - headache - a change in your blood pressure on standing up which may lead to treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with remicade . - skin rash , including blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the infusion site , chills , chills , sweating and skin rash . these reactions can be serious and may lead to a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a marked reduction in your blood pressure , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a combination of any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with peeling skin and / or peeling of the skin , with peeling skin and / or peeling of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , peeling of the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , peeling of the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , blisters on the skin , peeling of the skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , peeling or peeling of the skin ( pancreatitis ), - liver damage , which may be fatal , - an increase of certain liver enzymes - a liver enzyme called gamma gt , which include yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark brown - coloured urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( pancreatitis ), - liver damage , which may be fatal , - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and a type of white blood cell ( melanoma ) which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with red or purple
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 24 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain ( myalgia ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ), decreased weight , abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( constipation ) rare : skin changes ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): chest pain ( angina pectoris ), low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose and throat irritation ), inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), runny nose , blocked nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), joint_inflammation skin ( dermatitis ), skin discolouration , abnormal blood clotting tests , melanoma ( increased risk of urination ), increased sweating , confusion , hallucinations , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling sensation in the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ), decreased weight , weight decreased , weight decreased , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) ( redness of the skin ), runny nose ( dermatitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) ( redness of the skin ), runny nose ( dermatitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) ( redness of the skin ), runny nose ( dermatitis ), runny nose ( stomatitis ) ( redness of the skin ), runny nose ( dermatitis ), runny nose ( dermatitis ), nose bleed ( sign of inflammation of the mouth , runny nose , nose bleed , swollen lips , tongue or throat ), runny nose ( stomatitis ) ( redness of the skin ), night sweats , inflammation of the sinuses ( dermatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses ( dermatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses ( dermatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses ( dermatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses ( dermatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose , inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or potentially life - threatening infection , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . - difficulty in swallowing or breathing - these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - difficulty in breathing - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to vomiting and nausea , feeling sick or fever - signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , - coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , feeling tired , tired , coughing , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , signs of tingling , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding without blood - signs such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , burning_on_urination , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , dental_problems , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding without blood - fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , dental_problems , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding without blood - signs include fever , feeling weak , feeling tired , tired , coughing , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , dental_problems , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , feeling tired , tired , coughing , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , dental_problems , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , feeling tired , tired , coughing , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , dental_problems , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , feeling tired , tired , coughing , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , dental_problems , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , feeling tired , tired , coughing , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , dental_problems , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - wheezing or breathing difficulties - symptoms such as breathing difficulties , wheezing and feeling faint or low blood pressure ( symptoms may include breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint or low blood pressure ) - dizziness or breathing difficulties - low blood pressure ( angina - symptoms may include nausea , vomiting , reflux or stomach pain , eye pain or inflammation_of_the_lungs ) - breathing difficulties or wheezing with symptoms such as nausea and vomiting , reflux of stomach , stomach pain , pain in the arms or legs , breathing difficulties or wheezing which could be symptoms of an anaphylactic reaction . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ), nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - constipation , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - indigestion , - constipation , - constipation , - fatty_lumps , - indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - fatty_lumps , - indigestion , flatulence - constipation , - fatty_lumps , - indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - fatty_lumps , - indigestion , flatulence - constipation , - fatty_lumps , - indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - indigestion , - fatty_lumps , - indigestion , flatulence - constipation , - fatty_lumps , - indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - constipation , - constipation , - constipation , - swelling of your arms or legs , - fatty liver enzymes ( e . g . abnormal liver function test ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia - feeling sick ( nausea ), retching - reflux of stomach - indigestion , flatulence , constipation - itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - constipation , - constipation , - constipation , - constipation , - constipation , - constipation , - constipation , - swelling of your arms or legs , - sensation of stiffness or pain in your arms or legs - feeling hot - rash - itching of the skin - hair loss or thinning of the skin - increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( clot ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - insomnia - insomnia - feeling sick ( nausea ), retching - reflux of stomach - indigestion , flatulence , constipation - fatty_lumps , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - fatty_lumps , indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - fatty_lumps , - abnormal skin sensation or burning or pain in your arms or legs - feeling hot - rash - itching of the skin - hair loss - changes in the way things taste - feeling hot - rash - itching of the skin - fatty tissue under the skin - abnormal blood test results for clot uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - insomnia -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , chest pain , shortness of breath , blisters and peeling of the top layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). signs of heart problems such as shortness of breath , chest pain or fever , flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms : fever , chest pain or shortness of breath , which may be symptoms of flu - like symptoms , which can be life - threatening . flu - like symptoms , ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) symptoms include skin rash , blisters and peeling of the top layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired or weight gain decreased appetite decreased appetite weight loss or decreased appetite feeling tired or tired shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort severe skin reactions such as peeling and blisters of the top layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) heart attack shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort severe skin reactions such as blisters and peeling of the outer layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) heart attack shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort severe skin reactions such as blisters or blisters on the whole body ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) heart attack , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , which may be caused by a skin rash with blisters and peeling of the top layer of the skin ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) heart attack , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , which may be caused by a skin rash with blisters and peeling of the top layer of the skin ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , which may be symptoms of heart problems . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) symptoms include : skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) other side effects seen with erleada are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tired or weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired weight loss decreased appetite decreased appetite weight loss or decreased appetite feeling tired or tired shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort severe skin reactions such as peeling and blisters of the top layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) heart attack shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort severe skin reactions such as blisters or blisters on the whole body ( erythema multiforme ) heart attack shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort severe skin reactions such as blisters or blisters on the whole body severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) heart attack , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause blisters or peeling of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - skin rash , which may be accompanied by blisters and peeling of the top layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience heart problems , shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort , a skin rash or blisters or peeling of the top layer of the body as these may be signs of a hypersensitivity allergic reaction . ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : skin rash , which may be accompanied by peeling and peeling of the top layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). these are usually mild to moderate and require immediate medical attention . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired , weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( signs of heart problems ) - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( early signs of heart problems ) - shortness of breath
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your cancer . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 patients ): pain at the site of injection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 patients ): rash , pain , passing medical attention , loss of vision , pain , rash , and loss of vision , loss of vision . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 patients ): rash , pain , passing medical attention , loss of vision , pain , rash , and loss of vision , change in vision ( loss of vision ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash or pain when passing urine . change in the way things taste . pain , rash , pain in passing urine , loss of taste . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , drowsiness , rapid pulse , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , ulcers of the stomach , fatigue , back pain , frequent urination , difficulty in sleeping , nightmare , memory impairment , nervousness , irritability , nervousness , feeling jittery , changes in mental status , nightmare , memory impairment , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tremor . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness_of_the_eye visual disturbance , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye irritation , eye irritation , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the nose , abnormal sensation in the mouth , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye irritation , eye irritation , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the lining of the nose , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye irritation , eye irritation , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the lining of the nose , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye irritation , eye irritation , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the lining of the nose , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . urinary tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the lining of the nose , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the lining of the nose , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in taste , eye pain , feeling unwell . changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . urinary tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the lining of the nose , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the lining of the nose , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in taste , eye pain , feeling unwell . changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , inflammation of the lining of the nose , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) nervousness or tremor . increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . sweating , sweating feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) feeling anxious , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in vision or loss of taste , headache , change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . 75 a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin may cause a low blood sugar . shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have any of the above or combination of the following side effects : thrush ( thrush ) of the skin ( e . g . irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) back pain passing water more often than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) dizziness uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , sinus congestion , stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of fatigue ), chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss , weight loss , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of low level of phosphate in the blood , fatigue , chest pain , low decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss , hair loss , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , skin rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of low level of phosphate in the blood , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning ), itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , 28 muscle spasms , urinary retention ( fatigue ), chest discomfort , low appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , high or low blood pressure , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of low level of phosphate in the blood , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning ), itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , 28 muscle spasms , urinary retention ( fatigue ), chest discomfort , low appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , deep breath , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , 28 muscle spasms , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , swelling of the skin , swelling , redness or redness at the injection site weight loss , weight loss , hair loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - flushing - skin rash - blocked or blocked nose - discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or the tongue or feeling discomfort - dry mouth - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - skin skin skin skin reactions - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin skin skin skin reactions - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin skin skin reactions - acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin skin reactions , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin skin reactions , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin skin reactions , hair loss , acne , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin skin reactions , hair loss , acne , skin_redness skin skin skin reactions , acne , skin rash , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin hair loss - acne - skin skin reactions , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects stop taking mvasi and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : 65 or fever , which may be associated with fever , chills , shivering , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , chest pain and chest pain . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . a rash , rash , shivering , shivering , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , chest pain and chest pain which may be signs of an allergic reaction . a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing or shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , yellowing of the skin and eyes , nausea or being sick ( constipation ). you should seek help immediately if you suffer from any of the below mentioned side effects . severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your large_bowel with or without nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing or shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your stomach , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation or constipation . you should seek help immediately if you suffer from any of the below mentioned side effects . severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your large_bowel with or without nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). you should seek help as soon as possible if you experience a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing or shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your stomach , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation or constipation . you should seek help immediately if you suffer from any of the below mentioned side effects . severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your large_bowel with or without nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). you should seek help as soon as possible if you experience a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing or shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , yellowing of the skin and eyes , nausea or being sick ( constipation ). you should seek help immediately if you experience the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your large_bowel with or without nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). you should seek help as soon as possible if you experience a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing or shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , yellowing of the skin and eyes , nausea or being sick ( constipation ). you should seek help immediately if you experience the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your large_bowel with or without nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( faeces ). you should seek help as soon as possible if you experience a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing or shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , yellowing of the skin and eyes , nausea or being sick ( constipation ). you should seek help immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your large_bowel with or without abdominal pain , fever , nausea , being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), diarrhoea , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your stomach , nausea or vomiting , being sick ( nausea ) or constipation . you should also be given other medicines to help control a side effect . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with bevacizumab . your doctor will check your blood tests more often at the start of your treatment . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop : fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be symptoms of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes difficulty breathing , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , chills , extreme hunger , sore throat or difficulty breathing , abdominal pain or nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , easy bruising ( signs of a condition called dermatitis ) tell your doctor immediately if you develop a severe fever , fever , chills or a swollen face , swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing , abdominal pain or nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as breathlessness , chills , excessive sweating , or high blood pressure , which may be symptoms of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( symptoms include breathlessness , confusion , extreme_tiredness , decreased consciousness , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid breathing , or breathlessness ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any signs of an infection such as breathlessness , chills or extreme tiredness as these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels to your lungs , accompanied by fever , chills and extreme drop in blood pressure ( symptoms may be signs of breathlessness , confusion , disorientation , decreased consciousness , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid breathing , or breathlessness ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be life - threatening . - signs of a serious infection such as symptoms include chills , cough , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , confusion , disorientation or disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - if you experience fever , chills , extreme hunger , sore throat , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience a signs of an infection such as fever , chills , extreme tiredness , or high blood pressure . symptoms may include breathlessness , confusion , disorientation , decreased consciousness , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid breathing , or breathlessness contact your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be life - threatening . - signs of a serious infection such as symptoms include chills , cough , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , confusion , disorientation or disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as breathlessness , chills , extreme weakness , sore throat , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience a signs of an infection such as fever , chills , extreme tiredness , or high blood pressure . symptoms may include breathlessness , confusion , disorientation , decreased consciousness , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid breathing , or breathlessness contact your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be life - threatening . - signs of a serious infection such as symptoms include chills , cough , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , confusion , disorientation or disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as breathlessness , chills , extreme weakness , sore throat , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience a signs of an infection such as fever , chills , extreme tiredness , or high blood pressure . symptoms may include breathlessness , confusion , disorientation , decreased consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ) including hives , rash , itching , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking sitagliptin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness ( stomach discomfort ), stomach discomfort , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , 64 , stomach discomfort , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , arm or leg leg pain . metformin / metformin / metformin / itching , joint pain , joint pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your heart disease . you may need to have a blood sample taken to check your blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs or signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs of low blood sugar may include : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , sweating , nausea , feeling sick , feeling tired or tired , feeling sick ( nausea ) or feeling tired . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any changes in your blood sugar level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with your treatment . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you do not use about recognising your warning symptoms , e . g . driving a car , in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia . high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , light - headedness , fast heartbeat , sweating , nausea , feeling sick , feeling drowsy or short of breath , high blood pressure , changes in your blood sugar level . test your urine for ketones . get medical help straight away . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood sugar level . test your urine for ketones . get medical help straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - rash and rash - rash and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a fever , fever and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a fever , fever and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - fever and itching all over the treatment of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - severe infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - fever - pain , redness , swelling , itching or fever - respiratory tract infection - a general feeling of being unwell - fever - fever - mouth ulcers ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - fever due to fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from available data ): - low numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - pain , redness , swelling , peeling or fever - respiratory tract infection - a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or fever - swollen glands ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever , itching all over the whole body , peeling , swelling or pain ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - fever due to fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from available data ): - low numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - pain , redness , swelling , peeling or fever - decreased number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause fever or sore throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever , itching all over the whole body , peeling , swelling or pain ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - fever due to fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from available data ): - low numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - pain , redness , swelling , peeling or fever - decreased number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause fever or sore throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever , itching all over the whole body , peeling , swelling or pain ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - fever due to fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from available data ): - low numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - pain , redness , swelling , peeling or fever - decreased number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause fever or sore throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling or peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - itching the skin ( angioedema ) - peeling and swelling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - itching in the skin ( such as peeling , swelling or pain ) may occur . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low numbers of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - pain , redness , swelling , peeling or fever ( signs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : - rash , which may be accompanied by shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , - stomach pain , - nausea and loss of appetite ( signs of gastrointestinal problems ). - liver problems such as yellowing of the liver and kidney or blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - liver enzymes ; - rash the side effects described below have been observed with ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness or pain ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of appetite ( nausea ) - abdominal pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - increased liver enzymes in the blood - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests ( increased bilirubin ) - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear discomfort ) - ear discomfort - increased bilirubin in the blood - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning ( ear congestion ) - change in the way things taste - liver function test abnormalities - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increased liver enzymes in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning ( ear congestion ) - change in the way things taste - liver function test abnormalities - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - change in the colour of the ear ( cataract ) - liver function test abnormalities - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - change in the colour of the ear ( cataract ) - liver function test abnormalities - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - change in the colour of the ear ( cataract ) - liver function test abnormalities - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - change in the colour of the ear ( cataract ) - liver function test abnormalities - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - change in the colour of the ear ( cataract ) - liver function test abnormalities - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - change in the colour of the ear ( cataract ) - liver function test abnormalities - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - change in the colour of the ear ( cataract ) - liver function test abnormalities - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - change in the colour of the ear ( cataract ) - liver function test abnormalities - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as : - pale or sticky mouth , feeling very thirsty - feeling very thirsty - feeling very tired or swallowing - loss of appetite - these may be signs of a possible signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired or fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling short of breath , fast heart beat and dizziness . symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling short of breath , fast heart beat and feeling weak . your doctor will tell you how to treat these symptoms . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired or short of breath , fast heart beat and feeling weak . your doctor will tell you how to treat these symptoms . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of swelling , fever , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heartbeat , sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , itching or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart_attack , such as itching , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart_attack , such as itching , rash , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart_attack , such as itching , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of such as itching , rash , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of such as itching , rash , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following serious side effects : - severe allergic reactions , seen rarely , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - breathlessness , chest pain , drop in blood pressure and difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection ) - if you have a temperature ( see section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). - if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . - skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling , and pain ) at the injection site ( caused by injection site reactions ( see also section 2 under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - severe allergic reactions : - difficulty in breathing - chest pain or swelling_of_the_face swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . - if you have a reduction in blood pressure ( 2 ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause difficulty in breathing or chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , chest pain or swelling , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . - if you have a reduction in blood pressure ( 2 ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , chest pain or swelling , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . - if you have a reduction in blood pressure ( 2 ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , chest pain or swelling , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . - if you have a reduction in blood pressure ( 2 ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions , -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : low blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) pain , including a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , very fast heartbeat , confusion , hallucinations , fever , chills , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , sleepiness , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , fast breathing , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , or a tight chest , fever , or fever . severe allergic reactions may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction such as exaggerated_immune_response , red skin , blistering of the lips , subcutaneous_tissue or mouth , itchy or purple spots under the skin , liver disorders , itchy skin , fever , skin rash or ulcers in the mouth , nose , eyes or genitals . liver disorders ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and life threatening allergic reactions . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction , such as : - low blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) - pain , a swollen face , mouth , tongue or throat - severe breathing difficulties - confusion - hallucinations - fever - chills - uncontrolled movements of the mouth , hands or feet - altered muscle movement - sleepiness - headache - dizziness - breathing difficulties - very fast heartbeat - severe breathing problems - fast or irregular heartbeat - severe breathing problems - fast or irregular heartbeat - breathing difficulties - low blood pressure - breathing difficulties - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face - fever - severe allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - liver disorders - drug skin reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - life - threatening allergic reaction that can cause life - threatening allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( potentially life - threatening ) - confusion , hallucinations , fever , chills , sleep problems , abnormal muscle movements , changes in mental status or sleepiness , sleepiness - headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , very fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , severe disorder of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , - small red or purple spots on the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , - red or purple spots under the skin , - red or purple spots under the skin , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , red or purple spots on the skin , - red or purple spots under the skin , - red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin , - small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , - small red or purple spots under the skin that is covered with small red or purple spots under the skin , - red or
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using mvabea and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a low blood pressure . this is more likely to occur at the end of this vaccine . this is more likely to occur at the end of this injection . this is more likely to occur at the start of the injection . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling and / or pain where the injection is given - itching - pain where the injection was given - itching - pain where the injection was given - itching - pain at the injection site - itching - pain where the injection was given - pain , swelling and warmth at the injection site - itching - pain where the injection was given - pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection was given - pain where the injection was given - pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection was given - pain where the injection was given - pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given - pain where the injection was given pain where the injection was given - pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given - pain where the injection was given pain where the injection was given pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given - pain where the injection was given pain where the injection was given pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given - pain where the injection was given pain where the injection was given pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given - pain where the injection was given pain where the injection was given pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given - pain where the injection was given pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given - pain where the injection was given pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given - pain where the injection was given pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given - pain where the injection was given pain where the injection was given pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given , such as pain where the injection was given , such as pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given , such as pain where the injection was given , such as pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given , such as pain where the injection was given , pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given . in addition to the injection site reactions , pain , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given . injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking bondronat and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling of weakness , fatigue , sore throat , mouth ulcers , - a change in your mood or loss of taste . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of these symptoms or signs of liver problems : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , sore throat , mouth ulcers and a tooth problem - low level of potassium in your blood - high level of uric acid in your blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of calcium in your blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of calcium in your blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of calcium in your blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - high level of creatinine in your blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of uric acid in the blood - high level of bilirubin in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . blood tests may show an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( a substance produced by the liver ) ( shown in blood tests ) which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems . the signs may include breathlessness and blurred vision ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported in up to 1 in 100 people . allergic reaction the signs may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , drop in blood pressure , breathlessness , blurred vision and other changes in blood pressure . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking zeposia . signs of a heart problem such as breathlessness , blurred vision or other vision problems . if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , changes in liver function tests , blood tests may show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown by blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to blood_tests in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , drop in blood pressure , breathlessness , blurred vision , see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) high levels of bilirubin ( shown in blood tests ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( shown in tests ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in blood ( seen in tests ) frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) urinary tract infection , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood tests not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of urea in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) increased levels of liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathlessness , blurred or decreased blood pressure ( possible signs of acute - angle closure glaucoma ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : wheezing or fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) blurred vision 37 if you notice any of these effects , tell your doctor straight away . blurred vision 37 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) flu ( influenza ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) joint pain constipation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( fractures ) fractures ( a side effect that may be seen during treatment with temybric_ellipta : blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop any of the following serious allergic reaction : anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and / or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , you may be having a serious allergic reaction to anaphylaxis , which may be severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ) and / or breathing problems swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , fever , hives , swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with or without difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to anaphylaxis , which may be severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . itching , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing ), you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , a severe allergic reaction ), itching , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing can sometimes be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as reddish - target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with or without difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to anaphylaxis , which may be severe and life - threatening allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as reddish - target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing can sometimes be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects include : - if you notice any of these symptoms , you should seek medical advice immediately . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - low blood pressure - flu - like symptoms - fever ( sore throat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation and itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin flu - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation and itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin flu - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain or feeling sick ( nausea ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions to pregabalin_pfizer are rare and hypersensitivity ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring , throat irritation and irritation of the throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) abnormal thinking , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss dilated pupils , cross eyes cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue , inflammation of the pancreas , difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), inflammation of the pancreas , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and fever ). loss of consciousness can occur . if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of pregabalin_pfizer , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and spasticity . when pregabalin is used alone , the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness and constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , dizziness and constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness and constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , dizziness and constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness and constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , constipation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : you should stop taking xadago and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : you may need urgent medical treatment : you should stop taking levodopa and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of a blood clot in your lung : - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - cramps or weakness - fatigue - sweating , muscle stiffness or pain - if you notice any of these signs , or seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( including heart_failure and sepsis ) have been reported with zytiga . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections of the lung ( sepsis ) sepsis ( sepsis ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin rash , difficulty swallowing or breathing or a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) and rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of heart problems : shock , chest pain or swallowing , shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure with symptoms such as severe fever , fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness the bleeding may occur . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; nausea and vomiting ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ; dyspepsia ( heart_burn ); passing wind ( flatulence ); mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ); mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ); mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ); dry mouth ; itching ; itchy skin ; bruising ; breaking_of_finger_nails_and_toe_nails ( redness of the skin ); eczema ; breaking of finger nails and toe nails ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness ; increased paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; nausea and vomiting ; abdominal ( stomach ) pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); passing gas ; passing wind ( flatulence ); dyspepsia ( upset stomach ); acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; abnormal blood test results ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness ; increased paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; nausea and vomiting ; abdominal ( stomach ) pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); mouth ulcers ; abnormal dreams ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; abnormal skin sensations ( such as eczema ); breaking of finger nails and toe nails ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness ; increased paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; nausea and vomiting ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ); abnormal dreams ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; abnormal skin sensations ( such as eczema ); breaking of finger nails and toe nails ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness ; fever or reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness ; unusual paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; nausea and vomiting ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ); abnormal dreams ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; abnormal sweating ; hair loss ; new
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction to the infusion , which may be associated with an infusion - related reaction during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . tell your doctor immediately if you develop : fever , signs of infection or infection , such as fever , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , swollen joints , itchy skin , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling cold , constipation , indigestion eating disorders : increased sweating . increased sweating . generalised and joint : irritation of the mouth , throat or nose , feeling cold , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea , increased sweating . increased sweating . generalised and joint : irritation of the mouth , throat , nose , mouth or throat , feeling weak , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea , increased sweating , increased sweating . increased sweating . generalised and joint : joint and muscle pain , joint swelling , back and neck pain , pain in the extremities , feeling cold , feeling_uneasy_or_tired or shivering . fluid retention . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clotting problems , decrease of red blood cell production , decrease of red blood cell production , decrease of red blood cell production , decrease of red blood cell production , decrease of red blood cell production and increase of red blood cell production , decrease of red blood cell production , decrease of red blood cell production , decrease of red blood cell production , increase in eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , loss of too much fluid from the body , chest pain , fluid in the lungs ( asthma ), build - up of fluid in the lungs , inflammation of the pancreas . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include lowering of blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) or in red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ) or in the immune system ( systemic lupus erythematosus ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) decreased level of sodium in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ), loss of interest or enjoyment in doing things , feeling nervous taste problems such as changes in the way things taste , chest pain ( angina pectoris ) asthma , too little oxygen reaching the body organs swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high level of uric acid in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) lungs very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high level of uric acid in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) lungs do not function as they should , causing breathlessness ( respiratory failure ) swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) inflammation of the pancreas . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) leukaemia ( cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells ) cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( life - threatening ) disease of cancer of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : chills or other breathing pain if you have any of these symptoms : chills or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). nausea : if you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet has been reported . 38 , if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . - if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : - if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - 38 : if you have pain , swelling , redness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction and hives . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , feeling lightheaded or weak and dizzy ( which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased levels of calcium in the blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - runny or stuffy nose - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decreased sexual drive rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - decreased heart rate ( palpitations ) - fainting - loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , please inform your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug oedema , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , including difficulty in breathing , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug oedema , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or loss of taste . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , including difficulty in breathing , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug oedema , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or increased thirst . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction , including difficulty in breathing , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug oedema , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or loss of taste . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , chills , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or bleeding ) or bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the site of injection . in addition , your doctor may decide to temporarily stop or permanently stop your treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor antibodies ( inhibitors ) in patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bleeding at the injection site ( at least 150 ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 100 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , - confusion , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - severe fever , - nausea , vomiting , - difficulty passing stools , - abdominal pain or fever , - abnormal liver function tests , - itching , - rash , - skin_swelling , - elevated levels of liver enzymes , - itching , - rash , - skin_swelling , - elevated levels of liver enzymes , - swelling of the face or lips , - swelling of the hands , soles of the feet or feet , - sudden loss of consciousness , - fever , - shivering , - shivering , - abnormal liver function tests , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in the number of red blood cells and blood cells ( seen in tests ) - a decrease in the levels of some types of anti - bodies in the blood ( called immunoglobulins ), which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms like increased bruising , bleeding , pain , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - abdominal pain or fever , - abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin_swelling - yellow skin or eyes , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause severe pain in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause a sore throat or skin_swelling ( a sore throat ) - skin_swelling ( a common side effect that may affect up to skin_swelling in mouth people ) - a slight decrease in the numbers of red blood cells and white blood cells ( seen in a blood test ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms like increased bruising , bleeding , pain , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe severe_headache or confusion , seizures , memory loss or abdominal pain , - fever , - abnormal liver function tests , - itching , - rash , - skin_swelling - yellow discoloration of the skin or eyes , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause severe and life - threatening allergic reactions . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), which may be life - threatening , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause severe pain in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause severe pain in the mouth and / or jaw , which may indicate through to your mouth ( angioedema ) - swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause skin to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ) - if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever or shivering , - shivering , - reddening of the face , - pain , bruising or bleeding - increased liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " immunoglobulins " ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - skin and lip cancer ( symptoms may include abdominal pain , fever , and nausea / vomiting ). - difficulty in swallowing . - severe reduction in blood pressure . - severe reduction in blood pressure . - a reduction in the numbers of cells involved in blood clotting ( e . g . in the blood , when treatment is used with other medicines for the treatment of multiple myeloma ). symptoms may include increased bruising , bleeding , pain , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe confusion , confusion , seizures , memory impairment , - abdominal pain , - fever , - abnormal liver function tests , - itching , - rash , - skin_swelling , - elevated levels of some liver enzymes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , swelling of the face or throat , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , fainting , dizziness , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or rashes , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , faster heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux , blurred vision , eye rashes , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most frequent side effect is hypoglycaemia ( a severe allergic reaction ) if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you take enyglid ): if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of anaphylactic reaction or anaphylactic shock . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), feeling sick ( nausea ), feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( see above ) hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash or itchy skin . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood  hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as : itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy ( asthenia ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( uncommon ), hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , itchy rash , rash , itchy rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood tests to check for hypersensitivity reactions . such reactions may be severe or life - threatening allergic reactions . such reactions may be life - threatening . such reactions may happen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating or other signs of anaphylactic reactions . other side effects other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) and allergic reactions such as : itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , nausea ( sickness ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may find changes in your liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ). itchy skin , rash , dry skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will check your blood tests to check how well your liver is working ( hypersensitivity ). itchy skin , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will check your blood tests to check your liver function . hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ). such reactions may be life - threatening . such reactions may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( possible signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the levels of some types of white blood cells , chest pain , shortness of breath or pale , shaking , anxiety , confusion , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , rapid heartbeat , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , fever , chills or shivering . these may be signs of a serious condition called pneumonia , or high blood pressure , which may be severe or life - threatening , and can be life threatening . - swelling caused by fluid build - up and swelling at the infusion site , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . - swelling caused by fluid build - up and swelling at the infusion site may occur . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : - swelling or swelling in your legs or ankles , which may be signs of a blood clot in your chest or lungs . - swelling caused by fluid build up in the feet and arms . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : - swelling or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ( low blood pressure ) runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , loss of muscle coordination , muscle twitching . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain ( palpitations ), decreased heart rate , increased blood pressure , hot flush , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , abnormal liver function , skin rash , itching , generalised sensitivity , difficulty breathing , difficulty in passing urine , inability to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal blood pressure ( palpitations ), low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal blood clotting tests ( palpitations ), low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal blood clotting tests ( palpitations ), low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal blood clotting tests ( palpitations ), low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal blood clotting tests palpitations , increased heart rate , palpitations low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal blood clotting tests , increased heart rate or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function tests , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal blood clotting of the heart muscle or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in the mouth , dry mouth , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal blood clotting tests , increased heart rate or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your nplate . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : fever or chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , bleeding , pain or discomfort at the infusion site , itchy rash ( thickening and thickening of the skin ), thickening of the skin with thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd with or without wheezing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a blood clot in your blood vessels of your copd ( copd ) which can cause cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells ( copd ) - cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting ( signs of nervous system disorders ) - feeling anxious or confusion , lack of energy , faintness or lack of energy , faintness , changes in mental status , faintness - muscle twitching , - increased blood pressure , uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased blood pressure - eye changes - asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , - shortness of breath , asthma , changes in mental status , feeling like your eye is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increased blood pressure - blurred vision uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - shortness of breath - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - feeling anxious - confusion - lack of energy - faintness - muscle twitching - increased heart rate - loss of weight uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - shortness of breath - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - feeling anxious - confusion - lack of energy - faintness - muscle twitching - increased eye pressure - blurred vision uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased blood pressure - eye changes - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - shortness of breath - asthma - asthma - fainting - decreased blood pressure - feeling anxious - confusion - lack of energy - faintness - muscle twitching - increased eye pressure - weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - shortness of breath - asthma - asthma - fainting - decreased blood pressure - feeling anxious - confusion - lack of energy - faintness - muscle twitching - increased eye pressure - weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - shortness of breath - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - feeling anxious - confusion - lack of energy - faintness - lack of energy - faintness - muscle twitching - increased eye pressure - weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - shortness of breath - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - feeling anxious - confusion - lack of energy - faintness - lack of energy - faintness - muscle twitching - increased eye pressure - weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - shortness of breath - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - feeling anxious - confusion - lack of energy - faintness - lack of energy - faintness - muscle twitching - increased eye pressure - weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - asthma - shortness of breath - shortness of breath - wheezing - asthma - shortness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of platelets ( blood cells that help blood to clot ) - low levels of blood platelets , chest pain , shortness of breath , pale or nosebleeds - diarrhoea - blistering of the mouth - runny nose - abdominal pain - constipation - indigestion - diarrhoea - inflammation of the gut ( gut ) - being short of breath ( hypotension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - being short of breath ( common ) - chest pain - chest pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - indigestion - feeling bloated ( flatulence ) - feeling bloated ( flatulence ) - feeling weak ( asthenia ) - feeling weak ( asthenia ) - pain in the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - pain or swelling at the site of injection ( haematoma ) - low levels of sodium ( asthenia ) - trouble sleeping ( hypotension ) - dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain - frequent urination ( hypotension ) - being short of breath ( hypotension ) - fast or irregular heart beat ( hypotension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , irregular or deep breathing ( hypotension ) - being short of breath ( common ) - chest pain - chest pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - indigestion - feeling bloated ( flatulence ) - feeling bloated ( flatulence ) - feeling weak ( asthenia ) - feeling weak ( asthenia ) - pain in the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - pain or swelling at the site of injection ( haematoma ) - low level of sodium in the blood ( asthenia ) - feeling weak ( hypotension ) - dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain - frequent urination ( hypotension ) - being short of breath ( hypotension ) - fast or irregular heart beat ( hypotension ) - flu - like symptoms - runny nose - chest pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - indigestion - feeling bloated ( flatulence ) - feeling bloated ( flatulence ) - feeling weak ( asthenia ) - feeling weak ( asthenia ) - pain in the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - pain or swelling at the infusion site ( haematoma ) - itching - muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , pain , swelling and / or swelling at the infusion site ( haematoma ) - itching , muscle aches , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , swelling and a hard lump ) - joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , pain , swelling and / or swelling at the infusion site ( haematoma ), itching , muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling and redness ) at the infusion site ( haematoma ) - itching , muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling and redness ) at the infusion site ( haematoma ) - itching , muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling and redness ) at the infusion site ( haematoma ) - itching , muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling and redness )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache , joint pain and dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach ( abdominal ) pain high level of sugar in the blood 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abdominal pain , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , enlargement of the arms or legs , lack of energy , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , enlargement of the arms or legs , lack of energy , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , abnormal coordination or breast pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth or throat , difficulty in swallowing , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the sinuses , spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ), stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), difficulty passing stools , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , enlargement of the arms or legs , lack of energy , joint pain , abdominal pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , abnormal taste joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs , decreased sense of taste 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , abnormal taste joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , abnormal taste joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs , decreased sense of taste 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the stomach and intestines stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , enlargement of the arms or legs , lack of energy , joint pain 34 weight loss 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , abnormal taste joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the stomach and intestines stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , enlargement of the arms or legs , lack of energy , joint pain 34 weight loss 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , abnormal taste joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs , decreased sense of taste 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the stomach and intestines stomach pain , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach and intestine , abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , enlargement of the arms or legs , lack of energy , joint pain 34 dizziness , 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain , joint pain , abdominal pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , abnormal taste joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of weakness or weakness , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you experience a fever , chills , weakness or discomfort_in_your_thigh,_hip_or_groin , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a fever , low blood pressure , or fever , - chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary lung disease ), - if you experience flu - like symptoms , followed by chills , chills and fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - fever , low level of blood platelets , - high level of magnesium , potassium , magnesium and magnesium in the blood , weight increase , - sleepiness , - anxiety , - blurred vision , trembling , dry eye , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , low blood pressure , low level of magnesium , magnesium and magnesium in the blood , weight increase , weight increase . - sleepiness , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , low blood pressure , low level of magnesium , magnesium , potassium in the blood , weight increase , - weight increase . sleepiness , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , low counts of white blood cells , low level of magnesium , potassium , potassium in the blood , weight increase . - weight increase . sleepiness , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , low counts of white blood cells , low level of magnesium , potassium , potassium in the blood , weight increase , - weight increase . sleepiness , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , low counts of white blood cells , low level of magnesium , potassium , potassium in the blood , weight increase . - weight increase . sleepiness , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth . - low level of white blood cells , low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . - weight increase . - sleepiness . - anxiety . - blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . - sudden coldness with fainting , limpness or collapse . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or coughing . - urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or pain in the joints . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or pain in the joints . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or pain in the joints . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature it may be seen in blood tests . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal results of liver function tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal hair loss - tenderness - weakness - feeling dizzy - headache - nausea - stomach pain - diarrhoea - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - stomach pain - nausea 29 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry skin - acne - back pain - muscle aches - feeling tired - back pain - fever - feeling tired - lack of energy ( anorexia ) - decreased appetite - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - feeling sleepy - feeling sleepy - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - blurred vision - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - heartburn , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , constipation , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , acid reflux , hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or throat , skin rash , itching or hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat pain when passing urine ( thrush ) and / or a feeling of pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( dyspepsia ), pain in arms or legs , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , fever , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , itching , rash , muscle pain , musculoskeletal pain , musculoskeletal pain , pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ), dry mouth , high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ), skin rash , difficulty in breathing , chest pain ( dysuria ), presence of blood in the urine ( dysuria ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until swelling_in_the_mouth ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : decreased blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ): if you experience any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects have been observed with delstrigo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , feeling weak , lack of energy , feeling weak , high blood pressure levels of your liver enzymes in your blood common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood pressure , high levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( seen in blood tests ) 45 45 irritability , anxiety , depression , suicidal thoughts , difficulty concentrating , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or decreased blood pressure , feeling hot , problems with balance , inflammation or pain ( fractures ), high blood pressure , inflammation of the vein ( fractures ), pain ( fractures ), high level of sugar in the blood , feeling anxious , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or decreased blood pressure , feeling hot , inflammation of the chest , pain , pain and fractures , increase in blood pressure , widening of blood vessels , inflammation of the vein ( fractures ), pain or fractures , increase in blood pressure , difficulty in sleeping , inflammation or pain ( fractures ), high level of sugar in the blood , feeling anxious , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or decreased blood pressure , rapid swelling , inflammation , pain and fractures ( fractures ), increase in blood pressure , feeling hot , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or decreased blood pressure , rapid swelling , inflammation , pain and fractures ( fractures ), increase in blood pressure , feeling hot , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or decreased blood pressure , rapid swelling , inflammation , pain and fractures ( fractures ), increase in blood pressure , feeling hot , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or decreased blood pressure , feeling hot , problems with balance , inflammation or pain ( fractures ), high or low blood pressure , widening of blood vessels , inflammation of the vein ( fractures ), increase in blood pressure , inflammation of the vein ( fractures ), increase in blood pressure , inflammation of the vein ( fractures ), increase in blood pressure , pain or fractures , increase in blood creatinine , increased levels of liver enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . if you experience any of the following symptoms , tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling dizzy - sleepy feeling or being sick ( nausea or sleepy ) - feeling sleepy or sleepy - feeling sleepy or sleepy - fast muscle contractions - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sleepy or feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - nasal congestion - irritation of the mouth - dry mouth 37 - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements ( tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ) - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the mouth - dry mouth - vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - taste disturbance - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ) - taste disturbance - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the mouth , dry mouth , vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - nasal_discomfort - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements ( tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ) - taste disturbance - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the mouth , dry mouth , vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - taste disturbance - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ) - taste disturbance - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - increased muscle tension - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the mouth , dry mouth , vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - taste disturbance - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - increased muscle tension - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the mouth , dry mouth , vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - taste disturbance - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - dry mouth - abnormal sense of taste - loss of taste - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( vertigo ) - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements ( such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ) - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the mouth - dry mouth and / or throat - abnormal sense of taste - dry mouth 37 - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vertigo ( feeling dizzy or sleepy ) - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements ( tingling or numbness of the hands
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zelboraf and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of skin_rash include fever , chills , feeling tired , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal blood tests , - these may be signs of a liver problem . - if you have kidney problems , or if you have kidney problems , or if you have kidney problems , or if you have kidney problems , or if you have kidney problems , or if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - fever , - chills , - feeling tired , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , chills , chills , feeling tired , - abnormal blood tests . these can be signs of kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems ( frequency not known ) other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( loose stools ) - decreased levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea ( flatulence ) - pain in arms or legs - pain , loss of strength , redness , itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - chills - feeling tired - changes in liver function tests ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - flushing ( flatulence ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel hexal if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications ( see section 2 warnings and precautions "). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties cough rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties cough rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties cough rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , drowsiness , dizziness , increased sensitivity to light , palpitations , extreme tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , indigestion , tooth disorder , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , loss of strength , nausea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , hair_loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal kidney function common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): respiratory tract infection , sneezing , runny nose , sore throat , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing , runny nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , asthma , general feeling of general discomfort , irritability , fainting , depression , loss_of_taste , loss of taste , dry eye , abnormal sensation in the pupil , chest pain , eye_discharge pain in the extremities , joint pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , feeling tired , low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , nasal congestion , sinus infection , runny nose , sinus infection , runny nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , runny nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing , runny nose , nasal congestion , sinus infection , sneezing , asthma , general feeling of general discomfort , irritability , fainting , nervousness , loss of taste , dry skin , abnormal sense of taste , pupil disorder , skin discolouration , skin discolouration , joint pain , pain in the extremities , feeling unwell , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , high level of sugar in the blood , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , asthma , general feeling of general discomfort , irritability , fainting , nightmares , nightmares , tremor , loss of taste , dry eye , abnormal sensation in the skin , night sweats , joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling unwell , low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), high blood pressure ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . in general , the number of red blood cells or red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may make you be more prone to weakness , breathlessness , breathlessness , shortness of breath , or coughing up blood . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with the_treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , fever , fatigue ) as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) cough , feeling sick ( vomiting ) or being sick ( vomiting ) loss of appetite tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and with or without fever , which may be accompanied by a fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers , cough , wheezing or difficulty breathing , chest pain , increased spleen size and spleen abnormalities . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with your treatment . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this may make you more prone to fever or have a quickened heartbeat . you may have a fever , sore throat , swollen face , lip or tongue , cough , feeling sick , vomiting or diarrhoea , loss of appetite . these symptoms may be caused by an infusion - related reaction ( see section 14 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your tissue ) and during the first few hours after the start of the treatment . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( e . g . neutrophils , fever , which may be a sign of a serious infection called thrombotic microangiopathy ), sore throat or mouth ulcers , cough , wheezing , difficulty breathing , chest pain , increased blood pressure and a type of white blood cell ( frequency not known ) in patients with chronic renal failure , which may be fatal . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and with or without fever . these may be a sign of a serious infection called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with your treatment . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with your treatment . necrotising fasciitis of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking riluzole_zentiva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as fever , cough , difficulties breathing , blood in your urine , fever , cough , difficulties in breathing or blood in your urine , fever , cough or difficulties in breathing ( signs of lung problems ) such as fever , cough , difficult or altered sensation , pain , itching , or itching at the injection site , vomiting , diarrhoea and increased blood pressure ( pancreatitis ). tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : pancreatitis ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin - vomiting - sleepiness - increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( pancreatitis ) - diarrhoea - tiredness - numbness , pain and itching - darkening of the skin ( pancreatitis ) - vomiting - sleepiness - increased blood pressure ( pancreatitis ) - pancreatitis ( pancreatitis ) - tiredness - dizziness - numbness , pain and itching - itching ( pruritus ) - vomiting - increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( pancreatitis ) - pancreatitis - diarrhoea - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pancreatitis ( pancreatitis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells or fever - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections - you are more likely to develop serious infections which may include yellowing of your skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), - itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes - diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin - vomiting , sleepiness - increased blood pressure - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - increased blood pressure - pancreatitis ( pancreatitis ) - diarrhoea - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pancreatitis ( pancreatitis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells or fever - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in white blood cells which can make you more prone to infections ) - symptoms such as yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ) - increased amount of liver enzymes - diarrhoea - tiredness - numbness - numbness and pain - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - increased blood pressure - vomiting - diarrhoea - increased blood pressure - pancreatitis ( pancreatitis ) - diarrhoea - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pancreatitis - diarrhoea - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pancreatitis - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells or fever - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions , injection site pain , itching , rash , generalised rash , hives , swelling , difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , light - headedness , swelling , swelling , itching injection site injection site reactions ( such as injection site pain , itching , injection site reactions ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness vertigo ( low blood pressure ) dizziness light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : fever or low blood pressure , which may cause difficulty in breathing or immediately , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . tell your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . tell your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea diarrhoea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . tell your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure . tell your doctor immediately if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea ( feeling sick ) constipation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , abdominal pain , aching or enlarged stomach ( abdomen ), pain in the abdomen , pain in the abdomen , joint pain , aching muscles , itching , dry skin , skin redness , dry skin , itching , dry skin , joint pain , flu - like symptoms , fatigue , flu flu like illness , flu - like illness , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , abdominal pain , aching or enlarged stomach ( abdomen ), pain in the abdomen , abdominal pain , aching or swollen joints , joint pain , dry skin , itching , dry skin , joint pain , joint pain , dry skin , itching , dry skin , joint pain , flu - like illness , fatigue , flu flu like illness , flu - like illness , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking this_vaccine and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling , swelling , swelling , pain , tenderness and redness have been reported with the use of medicines . these reactions are more likely to occur at the first few weeks of medicines . swelling , including swelling , redness , swelling , redness and redness have been reported . some of these reactions have been fatal . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following allergic reactions : other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , redness , pain , tenderness , or fever . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . swelling , including swelling , redness , swelling , pain , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling or fever at the injection site . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , pain , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . these reactions may be more likely to get an allergic reaction . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , pain , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling or fever at the injection site . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): pain at the injection site , measles - like reactions , fever , skin infection , fever , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or fever . skin reactions may be accompanied by fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . these reactions may be more likely to get an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , redness , soreness or pain at the site of the injection , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling or fever at the injection site , fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , redness or pain at the injection site , fever and skin reactions . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): pain at the injection site , measles - like illness , fever , skin infection , fever , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . these reactions can sometimes be severe and could be life - threatening . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . these reactions may be more likely to get an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , swelling , pain , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , vomiting , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . these reactions may be more likely to get an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). these could be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - nausea and feeling sick , vomiting , bloody stools ( fever ). these may be signs of a condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . - damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing , dry skin , rash , itching and / or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a reaction such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a rash , itching or itching of the skin , or psoriasis , as these may be signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious infection such as : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - chest pain or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing , dry skin , rash , itching and / or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a reaction such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a rash , itching or hives of your skin or psoriasis , as these may be signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious infection such as : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , itching or other signs of an allergic reaction ( psoriasis ). tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious infection such as : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , chest pain or itching , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , itching or other signs of an allergic reaction ( psoriasis ). if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of a serious condition called damage to the liver . if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) ( uncommon ). if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing , dry skin , rash or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , itching or other signs of an allergic reaction ( psoriasis ). if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of a serious condition called damage to the liver . if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) high or low blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) excessive feeling of being able to retain urine ( signs of rash ) hunger ( herpes zoster ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion , the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the infusion . tell your doctor immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . you may need urgent medical treatment : - fever , - chills , - shivering , - nausea , - feeling sick , - vomiting , - diarrhoea , - pain or irritation in your stomach or joints , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - being sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - pain or irritation in your stomach , - feeling or being sick ( constipation ), - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - pain or irritation in your stomach , - feeling or being sick ( constipation ), - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - pain in the muscles , - irritation or irritation of the mouth , throat or mouth , - constipation , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - passing gas ( flatulence ), - weight loss ( alopecia ), - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , breathing difficulties , cough , breathing difficulties , itchy skin , hives , or hives . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction such as respiratory fever , sore throat or cough , severe itchy_rash or hives , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience fever , nausea or vomiting , as these may be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . sore throat , cough , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) which may cause fever or severe itchy rash ( hives ) as well as difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( which may make you feel fever or happen ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your lung , as well as fever and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness , tiredness , high or low blood pressure , feeling confused or feeling confused , feeling confused . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and urinary retention . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite inability to sleep ( insomnia ) suicidal loss of urine if you get any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused , drowsy or confused , difficulty in sleeping , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive hair loss . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the throat , throat or tongue , swollen or swollen eyelids , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) are : swollen face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), inflammation of the stomach or mouth , abdominal pain , stomach discomfort , stomach_upset , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : inflammation of the stomach or mouth , swollen tongue or throat , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the mouth or throat , swollen tongue or throat , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the breast in the stomach or intestine , abdominal pain , stomach discomfort , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : severe infection of the mouth or throat , swollen tongue or throat , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the breast in the mouth , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : inflammation or sore of the mouth , swollen tongue or throat , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the breast in the mouth , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : inflammation or sore of the mouth , swollen tongue or throat , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the breast in the mouth , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : inflammation or sore of the mouth , swollen tongue or throat , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the breast in the mouth , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : inflammation or sore of the mouth , swollen tongue or throat , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the breast in the mouth , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : inflammation or sore of the mouth , swollen tongue or throat , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the breast in the mouth , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : inflammation or sore of the mouth , swollen tongue or throat , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the breast in the mouth , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : inflammation of the throat , swollen tongue or throat , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the breast in the mouth , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of allergic reaction ) skin reactions , burning and prickling sensation ( common ) or fever ( common ). rarely , death may be a severe allergic reaction , if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , memory loss , nightmare , nightmare , dizziness , memory loss , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , swelling of the hands , ankle or feet , watery eyes , watery eyes , eye inflammation , mouth inflammation , inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) and inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) have also been reported . some of these effects are related to the clear treatment . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe skin reactions ( rare ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) if you experience any of the above symptoms :  tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as bruising and blisters ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : skin reactions such as redness and blisters around the site of skin . these may be signs of a very serious allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ) common feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ) an_acne-like_rash ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) general feeling of being unwell ( died ) or having changes in the colour of walking . these may be signs of a temporary increase in blood pressure . this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people . other uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms such as dehydration , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), an_acne-like_rash ( yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ) which may be a sign of an yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( see section " warnings and precautions ). if this happens , you must stop taking died and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following symptoms : - bruising or bleeding under the skin as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - mild reactions such as dehydration - nausea ( feeling sick ) - vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ) - dry mouth - hair loss - bruising ( pruritus ) - itchy skin - general weakness ( itchy ) - general feeling of being unwell ( including when getting up from a lying or sitting position ) - a build - up of fluid in the abdomen ( cornea ) - blood in the urine - bruising ( haematoma ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in the urine - protein in the urine - protein in the urine - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , blurred vision , or fainting . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal . if you experience any of these symptoms , especially if you experience symptoms like pain , burning , burning , burning , burning pain or burning , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ) ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), dizziness , headache , flu like symptoms , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur , such as pain and / or a burning sensation at the injection site . in general , these side effects may occur , and may become severe . they are usually mild to moderate and often last for a few days . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur , such as pain or local reactions at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur . they can also occur at injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur , such as pain and / or a burning sensation at the injection site . in general , these side effects may occur , and may become severe . they are usually mild to moderate and often last for a few days . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site reactions at the injection site may occur , such as pain and / or a burning sensation at the injection site . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : fever , chills , sore throat , coughing or a hoarse voice , bleeding or paleness more easily than normal . this is a common side effect that may affect up to one in 1 , 000 people . these are signs of disorientated : - very common : - blocked or blocked nose - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach pain - indigestion or heartburn ( flatulence ) - inflammation of the stomach or mouth - dry mouth - heartburn or discomfort - flatulence ( wind ) - dry mouth - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness - paleness - dizziness - lethargy ( confusion ) - feeling anxious , confused - vertigo - a spinning feeling ( vertigo ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - changes in the way things taste - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - sore throat - cough - discomfort or discomfort in your stomach - fever - chills , tiredness or paleness these symptoms may be signs of a low level of paleness ( symptoms include : tiredness , paleness or paleness ). these could be symptoms of heart failure , which could be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , chest pain which may be due to blood clots in the lung . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated ( voice - sinus congestion ) - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach pain - indigestion , heartburn , constipation - mouth ulcers - muscle pain , joint pain - back pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness - paleness - dizziness , lethargy , feeling anxious , confused , vertigo , - increase in blood pressure , vertigo - changes in the way things taste - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - sore throat or cough - chills - tiredness - paleness , feeling anxious , confused , vertigo - a spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - changes in the way things taste - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - dry mouth - sore throat - cough - chills - tiredness - paleness - feeling anxious or confused ( vertigo ) - fast heart beat ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - sore throat - cough - discomfort or discomfort in your stomach ( intestine ) - dry mouth - heartburn or discomfort - flatulence - if you notice any symptoms of tiredness , paleness , paleness , - feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of feeling anxious or confused ) - fast heart beat ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or flatulence these symptoms may be signs of a low level of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( vertigo ) - the symptoms of heart problems can include shortness of breath or chest pain which may be due to blood clots in the lung . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated ( voice - sinus congestion ) - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach pain - indigestion or heartburn ( flatulence ) - dry mouth - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness - paleness - dizziness , lethargy , confusion , feeling anxious , confused - vertigo , - changes in the way things taste - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - sore throat or cough - chills - tiredness - paleness - feeling anxious or confused ( vertigo ) - fast heart beat ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) -
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening and need urgent medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : feeling_sick * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ). stomach weakness unusual abdominal weakness or discomfort , bone pain , muscle weakness or decreases in blood pressure . these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection caused by :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity ). if you notice any symptoms of infection :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection caused by :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection caused by :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; rapid heartbeat and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; increased levels of creatinine in the blood ; sugar in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood fat ; high uric acid levels in the blood ; sugar in the urine ; sugar in the urine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you experience loss of consciousness or if you get worse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - muscle pain - spasms , numbness , pain , swelling , redness or leg ( sciatica ) - pain , discomfort , or pain at the infusion site ( sciatica ) - pain or discomfort in the back of the hands or feet ( sciatica ) - pain or discomfort in the abdominal , abdominal pain or inflammation ( symptoms of gastrointestinal disorders ) - pain or discomfort in the back of the hands and feet common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin - dryness of the skin ( dryness ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - swelling in the mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - pain , swelling and / or swelling in the limbs ( sciatica ) - a feeling of fullness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth , which may travel through blood vessels to the treatment causing pain and discomfort in the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the nerves ( sciatica ) - pain and discomfort in the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( sciatica ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the skin ( dryness ) - dryness of the skin ( dryness ) - inflammation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - swelling of the inside of the leg ( sciatica ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - swelling of the inside of the leg ( sciatica ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the retina ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the skin ( hypoaesthesia ) - dryness in the skin ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - swelling of the inside of the eye ( sciatica ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - some of these symptoms can be life - threatening , and may require medical attention . - if you receive erbitux in combination with other anticancer medicines , some of the side effects you may experience can also be related to this combination , such as : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin - dryness of the skin ( dryness ) - inflammation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - swelling of the inside of the nose ( sciatica ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - some of these symptoms can be life - threatening , and may require medical attention . - if you receive erbitux in combination with other anticancer medicines , some of the side effects you may experience can also be related to this combination , such as : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may be accompanied by swollen , and / or swelling and / or swelling of the front part of the eye ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( sciatica ) and / or feeling of tightness in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause pain in the mouth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores in the mouth and / or jaw , which may cause changes in the colour of your nails , or loosening of a tooth . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . uncommon side effects ( may
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies , the following side effects may happen with this medicine . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : very serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : feeling dizzy , feeling drowsy , tired , chills , sore throat , feeling weak or tired ; signs of severe allergic reaction may include : feeling tired or loss of consciousness ; fever ; chills ; chills ; sore throat ; feeling weak or faint ; severe fever ; feeling tired or loss of consciousness ; tell your doctor as soon as possible , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your pain , fever , chills , weakness , fever and / or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your pain , fever , chills , weakness , fever and / or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your fever with other medicines . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , thrombocytopenia ( low number of red blood cells ). however , a reduction in the number of red blood cells with or without red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever , with fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing problems , cough , severe tiredness , tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe tiredness , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe tiredness or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a combination of a fever , feeling tired , fever , sore throat or cough , severe severe_headache or feeling tired or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a very severe condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , you should tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people vaccine with pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising and thrombocytopenia ( low number of red blood cells ). however , a reduction in the number of red blood cells with or without red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever , with fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , a flu like illness , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . severe skin reactions may be life - threatening . other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising or bruising more easily than normal - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which help protect against infection ) - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can increase your risk of infection ) - fever - sore throat - runny nose - cough - severe breathing difficulties - sore throat - cough - severe breathing difficulties - a flu - like syndrome
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience symptoms like allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or difficulty breathing or swelling_of_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction , - itchy skin , blisters , or peeling of the skin may occur ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - injection site reactions ( including injection site swelling , fingers , hands or hands ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of allergic reactions - high blood pressure - rash - fever - paleness if you experience these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience fainting , feel light - headed or collapse , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a marked decrease in your mental state , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice 2 . - high blood pressure , which could make you feel faint or wheezing , which may be symptoms of seizures ( seizures ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which may make you feel feeling_faint or collapse , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat , fits , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice 2 . - high blood pressure , which could make you feel feeling_faint or collapse , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat , - fits ( collapse ) or collapse , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , or loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which may make you feel feeling_faint or collapse , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience seizures , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse , or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of these symptoms , , seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . - high or low blood pressure , which could make you feel faint or wheezing , which may be symptoms of seizures ( seizures ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be symptoms of high
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed with other tetracycline antibiotics ( frequency and frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and blood platelets ( see above ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called haemoglobin ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy radiotherapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , magnesium , magnesium , and / or magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ) ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , fainting , fainting , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or abdominal pain ) oedema ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) have also been reported with docetaxel . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , magnesium , magnesium , and / or phosphate in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ) ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , fainting , fainting , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , abdominal pain ) and myalgia ( muscular pain ) some of them may also be due to the chemotherapy . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , chest pain or discomfort , headache , or chest pain . these symptoms may be signs of rash , headache and / or chest pain . if you experience any of these , please seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , rash , headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) anxiety hypotension low blood pressure ( hypertension ) anxiety hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling very tired , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), constipation , ulcers ( rash ), feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) anxiety hypotension ( low blood pressure ) fast heart beat ( high blood pressure ) anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea ( being sick ) constipation , fungal infection , rash , feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) anxiety hypotension ( low blood pressure ) fast heart beat ( high blood pressure ) anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling hot , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea ( being sick ) constipation , fungal infection , rash , feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) anxiety hypotension ( low blood pressure ) fast heart beat ( high blood pressure ) anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea ( being sick ) constipation , fungal infection , rash , feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) anxiety hypotension ( low blood pressure ) fast heart beat ( high blood pressure ) anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea ( being sick ) constipation , fungal infection , rash , feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) anxiety hypotension ( low blood pressure ) fast heart beat ( high blood pressure ) anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure , headache
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - liver problems such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , elevated liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis , rash , itching , pruritis , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , low blood pressure , disorder which may cause disorder of the lung ( uncommon ). serious side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) disorder of the liver caused by low blood sugar levels very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives ( pruritis ), rash , hives ( pruritis ), rash , pruritis ( rash ), headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low levels of blood platelets , rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood glucose levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the blood and low blood sugar . high blood sugar . high blood sugar , high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar , low blood triglycerides . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives ( pruritis ), rash , hives ( pruritis ), rash , pruritis , rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood glucose levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the blood and low blood sugar , high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar weight loss , low blood sugar common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives ( hives ), headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood glucose common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the blood and low blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar weight loss , low blood sugar common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives ( hives ), headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood sugar common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the blood and low blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar weight loss , low blood sugar common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives ( pruritis ), rash , hives ( pruritis ), rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood glucose uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the blood and low blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar , low blood triglycerides , low blood triglycerides , low blood triglycerides , low blood triglycerides , high blood sugar common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives ( hives ), headache , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood sugar common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorder of the blood and low blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar high blood sugar weight loss , low blood sugar common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - tightness of the chest - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe symptoms such as wheezing , wheals , generalised itching , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , or throat , with difficulty breathing - wheezing or tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , or throat , with difficulty breathing - wheezing or tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or throat , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : drowsiness , dizziness , difficulty breathing or swallowing these these may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . serious side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects . side effects listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms include weight loss , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , swelling of the face and throat , discomfort , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ), dizziness , drowsiness , nervous system disorders , breast pain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), swelling ( oedema ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , swollen glands ), drowsiness , dizziness , headache , nervous system disorders , drowsiness , pain in the arms or legs , drowsiness , weakness ( peripheral oedema ), diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , generalised swelling ( oedema ), diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), tiredness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), swelling of hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling_of_the_abdomen ( tiredness ), vomiting , weight loss , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), tiredness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), swelling of hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling_of_the_abdomen ( tiredness ), vomiting , weight loss , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), pain in the arms or legs , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , weight loss , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , pain in the arms or legs , vomiting , weight loss , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), pain in the arms or legs , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , weight loss , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( asthenia ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( asthenia ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( asthenia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( asthenia ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( asthenia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( asthenia ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( asthenia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( asthenia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , weight gain , weight gain , drowsiness ( asthenia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( asthenia ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : fever or chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , stomach pain , low blood pressure or a feeling of fullness in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , stomach pain , low blood pressure or a feeling of fullness in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) infection of the nose , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) infection of the nose , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) infection of the nose and throat ( angioedema ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) runny or blocked nose cold sores ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth and throat ( stomatitis ) fractures ( stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , chills , fever , feeling cold ) 68 increased liver enzymes in the blood very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) irregular or rapid heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat low level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart attack ( tachycardia ) awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition . lactic acidosis occurs if you have any of these symptoms , especially if you get a marked decrease in your urine output , tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms such as drowsiness , chills , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( nausea or being sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , unusual stomach pain or discomfort , bone pain , muscle weakness , or a change in your mental status or walking . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , abnormal dreams , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , dry mouth , feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ), muscle pain , muscle weakness , or a change in your mental status or bone pain , bone pain , pain in the limbs or muscles , bone pain , muscle weakness , weakness in the hands or soles of your kidneys , infected skin or other parts of the skin at the end of this leaflet . tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women , which can be fatal . tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition has been reported . if you experience any of these symptoms , such as drowsiness , chills , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), stomach pain , unusual stomach pain or discomfort , bone pain , muscle weakness , or a change in your mental status or walking . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , abnormal dreams , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , dry mouth , feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ), muscle pain , muscle weakness , or a change in your mental status or bone pain , bone pain , pain in the limbs or muscles , bone pain , muscle weakness , weakness in the hands or soles of your kidneys , infected skin or other parts of the skin at the end of this leaflet . tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women , which can be fatal . tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition has been reported . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition . if you experience chills , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( nausea or vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing ) have been reported in patients treated with orgalutran . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). swelling , redness , and difficulty breathing ( see section 4 ) may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( a rare severe muscle disorder ). this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). swelling , redness , and difficulty in breathing ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat ). if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , abdominal pain ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ), abdominal pain ( nausea ) and abdominal pain . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you get any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following reactions : fever , chills and shivering ( nausea ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen ( irritation ), irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen , tiredness or a lack of energy in your muscles ( which may be a sign of a urinary tract infection ) if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion , some patients may develop a reaction to develop infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion , which may be continued later . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering ( nausea ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen ( tummy ), irritation or discomfort in your stomach ( abdominal ), passing gas , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen , tiredness or a lack of energy . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of these symptoms . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction to develop infusion reactions . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering ( common ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your stomach ( abdominal ), passing gas , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen , tiredness or a lack of energy in your muscles ( which may be a sign of a urinary tract infection ) if you notice any of the above signs or symptoms , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or nurse immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours after the infusion ( infusion - drip ) infusion - related reactions infusion - related reactions are likely to occur during an infusion , but can be life threatening if they continue to take paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . - if you develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , feeling or being sick , constipation , indigestion_eating_disorders ( flatulence ), nausea , constipation , ulcers ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling ill , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , ulcers ( sores ) in the mouth , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling ill , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , ulcers ( sores ) in the mouth , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling ill , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , ulcers ( sores ) in the mouth , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling ill , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , ulcers ( sores ) in the mouth , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling ill , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , ulcers ( sores ) in the mouth , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling ill , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , ulcers ( sores ) in the mouth , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling ill , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , ulcers ( sores ) in the mouth , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling cold , constipation ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a rash that may be a sign of liver problems ) fever or chills tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the nose , nose , nose and / or nose , tightness of the chest , difficulty in breathing , light headedness , dizziness or light - headedness . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cells low white blood cells low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell low white blood cells low white blood cell count ( neutropenia and tiredness ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) low white blood cell counts ( leucopenia and neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , tiredness or low white blood cells ) low white blood cells low white blood cell count ( leucopenia , tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; slow heart rate ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; slow heart rate ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; slow heart rate ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; high blood pressure ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - swelling of your face or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your lips , tongue or throat or other signs of a sudden severe allergic reaction ) - swelling of the face or throat - a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel breathing or breathing problems - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or any other symptoms of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your lips , tongue or throat ) - swelling of your face or throat - a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , or a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or any other signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include swelling of your face or throat or a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing - severe swelling of the face or throat - a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , or a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or any other signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : blindness , numbness , tingling or numbness . these may be signs of shaking , tingling , tingling , numbness , numbness or tingling . your doctor will tell you how to treat these effects . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking ( shaking ), shaking ( shaking ), dizziness , nausea , confusion , shaking , tingling , numbness , numbness or tingling . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood levels and what to do if you get any of these effects . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , confusion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching or hives ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) angioedema ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , runny nose , sneezing , skin_rash , skin rash , itching , hives , muscle pain , musculoskeletal pain , pain in arms or legs , bone pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction , skin rash , hives , skin rash , rash , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as cataract) , blurred vision ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with zyllt is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , respiratory tract infections , blocked or runny nose , headache , stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in liver function tests , enzymes produced by the liver ( enzymes produced by the liver ) in the blood tests may show an increase in some enzymes ( enzymes ) produced by the liver ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown by blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called transaminases very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , respiratory tract infections , cold throat , headache , stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in liver function tests , enzymes produced by the liver ( enzymes produced by the liver ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). increase in the number of liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the level of liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called transaminases very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , respiratory tract infections , nose bleed , headache , stomach discomfort , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in liver function tests , enzymes produced by the liver ( enzymes produced by the liver ) may show in your blood tests . an increase in enzymes produced by the liver ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests . these may be signs of an increase in the level of some enzymes in the blood ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the level of some enzymes in the blood ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called transaminases very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , respiratory tract infections , nose bleed , headache , stomach discomfort , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in liver function tests , enzymes produced by the liver ( enzymes produced by the liver ) ( may show up in blood tests ) increase in the level of enzymes produced by the liver ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the level of enzymes produced by the liver ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called transaminases very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , respiratory tract infections , nose bleed , headache , stomach discomfort , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in how your liver is working ( enzymes produced by the liver ) ( may show up in blood tests ) and increase in enzymes produced by the liver ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes called transaminases
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness and / or tiredness . these side effects could be signs of the below listed side effects , which have been observed with macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects usually occur when you start using this medicine . if you notice any of these side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . the severity of these side effects is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only go away within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . other side effects include : - if you experience any of these side effects , you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus and swelling ( usually of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ). these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with kepivance . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . 0 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( such as difficulty in breathing or breathing difficulty ) if you get any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain or muscle pain ), uncontrolled tiredness ( asthenia ), back pain , headache , muscle pain , headache , muscle pain , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low level of sodium in the blood , low level of calcium in the blood , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in the limbs , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( convulsions ), convulsions , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain or back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( numbness or convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain or back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( numbness or convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( numbness or convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( numbness or convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low level of sodium in the blood , low level of calcium in the blood , muscle spasms , muscle spasms ( asthenia ), pain in the limbs , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop taking jentadueto and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or other signs of an allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , urticaria ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). - very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10,000 , 000 people ) as a consequence of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives or urticaria ( uncommon ). this may indicate a reaction called " pancreatitis " ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . other side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma and / or blood in your urine - when coma is the very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . other side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma and / or blood in your urine - when coma is the very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . other side effects include : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , - fever , signs of infection or tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking avandamet and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before and during your treatment with avandamet . angioedema ( swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ), angioedema ( difficulties in breathing ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . chest pain ( oedema ) swelling and fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high sugar levels in the blood ( anaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - swelling ( oedema ) - swelling ( oedema ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - difficulty in breathing - swelling ( oedema ) - swelling ( oedema ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - difficulty in breathing - swelling ( oedema ) - swelling ( oedema ) - chest pain - shortness of breath common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellow skin ( jaundice ) - difficulties in breathing - swelling ( oedema ) - swelling ( oedema ) - chest pain - shortness of breath common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face and throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - swelling ( oedema ) - swelling ( oedema ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - difficulty in breathing - swelling ( oedema ) - swelling ( oedema ) - chest pain - shortness of breath common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased blood sugar - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_mylan is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; slow heart rate ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; generalised swelling or numbness ; not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): unusual weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; generalised swelling or numbness ; not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): unusual weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever ( feeling tired ) feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) liver enzymes ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) liver enzymes ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - shortness of breath - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - a sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to fainting - stroke - shortness of breath , chest pain or chest discomfort - feeling sick ( sick ) - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - a vague feeling of discomfort in the mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal discomfort - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling sick - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - blurred vision - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart rate or the electrical activity of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - a vague feeling of tightening in the stomach or mouth and / or throat - severe shortness of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately : - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision ( a severe allergic reaction ) - if you experience a cough , loss of consciousness , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause fever and seizures ( fits ) - seizures ( fits ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat ( vertigo ), feeling of tightness in the chest , increased pressure , rapid breathing , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn , presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed ), feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux ( symptoms include heartburn , presence of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , other side effects that have been reported are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , other side effects that have been reported are listed below : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way delirium ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness , fatigue , apathy , apathy , paranoia , abnormal behaviour , delusion , amnesia ( loss of memory ), hallucinations ( loss of consciousness ), confusion ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ), tremor ( involuntary trembling ) weight increase . hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to low_blood_pressure) in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , other side effects that have been reported are listed below : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way delirium ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness , fatigue , apathy , apathy , paranoia , abnormal behaviour , delusion , amnesia ( loss of memory ), hallucinations ( loss of memory ), confusion ( loss of consciousness ), confusion ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ), tremor ( involuntary trembling ) weight increase . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way delirium ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness , fatigue , apathy , apathy , paranoia , increase in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( especially when getting up from a short time of time ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - rash - rash - changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) - abnormal blood tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate ( bradycardia ) - eye pain , dry eye - changes in the colour of the eye , dry eye - increased or decreased blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , light - headedness or dizzy or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a high temperature it may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( eosinophilia ), or high blood pressure , seen rarely ( may be signs of a severe allergic reaction
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the_following_symptoms may cause the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 29 other side effects are listed below : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 if you get any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects are listed below : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blockage of the lining of the heart ( glaucoma ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of glaucoma ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of cataract ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 60 tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as high blood pressure , rapid breathing , cough , fever , low blood pressure , swelling of arms or legs , tightness of chest tightness , cough , fever , high blood pressure , swelling of hands , feet or ankles . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - fever - a burning sensation or discomfort - stomach pain ( arthralgia ) - low blood pressure - fever - high or low blood pressure - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain ( gastroenteritis ) - stomach pain - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - fast heart beat shown up in blood tests - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - blood in urine - frequent urination - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - fast heart beat - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - fast heart beat shown up in blood tests - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain or discomfort ( gastroenteritis ) - low blood pressure - fast heart beat - high blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , fatigue , bruising , swelling , itchy or runny nose , feeling tired , fatigue , decreased appetite . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite , decreased appetite , decreased sense of smell , confusion , altered or loss of vision , increased sensitivity to touch , back_pain , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems with balance , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the limbs ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , lack of interest , confusion , inability to fall or stay asleep , tingling sensation , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems with balance , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems with balance , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin , abnormal sensation such as tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin , abnormal sensation such as tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin , abnormal sensation such as tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin , abnormal sensation such as tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin , abnormal sensation such as tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin , abnormal sensation such as tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the eyes ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking palforzia : - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - difficulty breathing or breathing - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or wheezing - these symptoms may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( which may cause trouble breathing or breathing , rash , rash , rash , hives , rash , itchy skin , runny nose , sneezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing ). - difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , dizziness or diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , pain , itching , - itchy rash , hives , runny nose , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach_discomfort - stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , - itching , rash , - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives , runny nose , sneezing or difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , dizziness or diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , pain , itching , - itchy rash , hives , runny nose , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , - itching , - rash , - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives , runny nose , sneezing , difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , dizziness - diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , pain , itching , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , - itching , - rash , - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives , runny nose , sneezing , difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , dizziness - diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , pain , itching - itchy skin , hives , runny nose , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , - itching , - rash , - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives - runny nose , sneezing - difficulty breathing ( insomnia ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , dizziness - diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , pain , itching , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , - itching , - rash , - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives , runny nose , sneezing , difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , dizziness - diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , pain , itching , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , - itching , - rash , - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives , runny nose , sneezing , difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , dizziness - diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , pain , itching , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , throat irritation , sneezing , cough - throat irritation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , - itching , - rash , - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives - runny nose , sneezing or difficulty breathing (
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your side_effects with or without back pain , itching and / or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of liver problems . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . other side effects : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
